33900	Loft, designed by architects,  54 sq meters (581 sq feet), high ceilings 3,80m. Quiet, facing a nice courtyard, Ground floor. Boho-vintage style. Living room on main level, with a comfy sofa-bed. Few steps down and you find yourself in the Dining room/ Kitchen area. And last but not least, Bedroom and Bathroom on the higher level, on a mezzanine. separated (website hidden), optical fibre network, Wi-fi, Microwave, oven, Washing machine, Dishwasher, cleaning lady once a week... All comfort included!  Located at Jules Joffrin's metro stop line 12 and 4 direct to/ from Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Gare Saint-Lazare, Gare Montparnasse and Châtelet, buses 31 and 80 direct to/ from Champs Elysées, and 85 direct to/ from le Louvre and Jardin du Luxembourg. Paris is all yours! La rue du poteau runs a food market from Tuesday to Sunday. A dream! You just add supermarkets and organic shops right outside of the building... And of course plenty of restaurants and bars. One stop away from Lamarck-C	Loft, designed by architects,  54 sq meters (581 sq feet), high ceilings 3,80m. Quiet, facing a nice courtyard, Ground floor. Boho-vintage style. Living room on main level, with a comfy sofa-bed. Few steps down and you find yourself in the Dining room/ Kitchen area. And last but not least, Bedroom and Bathroom on the higher level, on a mezzanine. separated (website hidden), optical fibre network, Wi-fi, Microwave, oven, Washing machine, Dishwasher, cleaning lady once a week... All comfort included!  Located at Jules Joffrin's metro stop line 12 and 4 direct to/ from Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Gare Saint-Lazare, Gare Montparnasse and Châtelet, buses 31 and 80 direct to/ from Champs Elysées, and 85 direct to/ from le Louvre and Jardin du Luxembourg. Paris is all yours! La rue du poteau runs a food market from Tuesday to Sunday. A dream! You just add supermarkets and organic shops right outside of the building... And of course plenty of restaurants and bars. One stop away from Lamarck-C
33901	"Exceptional flat in Montmartre, very charming place at the famous ""Butte Montmartre"". 3 minutes walking from the ""Sacré Coeur"", discover this very design flat of 65 square meters, with very quiet room. "	"Exceptional flat in Montmartre, very charming place at the famous ""Butte Montmartre"". 3 minutes walking from the ""Sacré Coeur"", discover this very design flat of 65 square meters, with very quiet room.  Exceptional flat in Montmartre, very charming place at the famous ""Butte Montmartre"". 3 minutes walking from the ""Sacré Coeur"", discover this very design flat of 65 square meters, with very quiet room. "
33902		Chambre cosy dans charmant appartement de 60 m2, à partager avec ma colocataire Agathe. Cuisine, salle d'eau, wi fi, machine à laver, wc, salon. Situé à 15 min à pied de Montmartre, métro, bus, tramway à 5 min. Joli marché couvert et commerces.
33903	Studio 20sq meters available for rent.   On first floor of a typical Parisian-style building, the apartment sleeps 1 or 2, ideal for couples. There is a comfy fold-out bed in the main room, wood beams and wall-to-wall carpeting create a cozy atmosphere for you to relax in. There is a desk and wifi, a washer and a kitchenette with everything you need.  The area is lively, but you will have plenty of quite here. And the best part is that you are walking distance from the best views in Paris. You’ll be just 2 minutes from Sacre Cœur and Le Moulin Rouge, and in the middle of cobblestone streets full of the best restaurants, cafes and night spots.  (And yes, the café  from  Amelie is just down the street). The nearest metro is less than 5 minutes by foot : Line 2 at Blanche station,  or Line 12 at Abesses station. One day : 50€ 300€ per week. Contact me for more information!  	Studio 20sq meters available for rent.   On first floor of a typical Parisian-style building, the apartment sleeps 1 or 2, ideal for couples. There is a comfy fold-out bed in the main room, wood beams and wall-to-wall carpeting create a cozy atmosphere for you to relax in. There is a desk and wifi, a washer and a kitchenette with everything you need.  The area is lively, but you will have plenty of quite here. And the best part is that you are walking distance from the best views in Paris. You’ll be just 2 minutes from Sacre Cœur and Le Moulin Rouge, and in the middle of cobblestone streets full of the best restaurants, cafes and night spots.  (And yes, the café  from  Amelie is just down the street). The nearest metro is less than 5 minutes by foot : Line 2 at Blanche station,  or Line 12 at Abesses station. One day : 50€ 300€ per week. Contact me for more information!  
33904	Our cosy and shiny 2 level appartment (duplex) is located in ”rue des abbesses”; a street full of small, specialty shops: cheeses, fish & oysters, butchers, bakeries, Italian and French Specialties, wine shops…Walking from one of these shops to another is easy and fun ! With its large typical french windows, wooden stairs, you will enjoy our romantic gateway with friends or family for  memorable holidays. What you will find : In the second floor: one room equipped with a king size bed, dressing, table & chair, bathroom with bath tub all equipped: hair dryer, washing machine and dryer. On the first floor: cosy living room with possibility to add a very comfortable Intex Raised Queen airbed with built in electric pump (your bed is ready in less than 60s), 1 dining table for up to 6 chairs.  Our kitchen is equipped with all necessary cooking items, feel free to use anything you want. We are happy to share all spices and available food if you feel like cooking.	"50m² duplex with a breathtaking view over Paris, very calm and easy to access with  exceptional luminosity, all day long and at each floor of the house. Located in rue ""Abbesses"" one of the most charming, typical and beautiful neighborhoods in Paris Our cosy and shiny 2 level appartment (duplex) is located in ”rue des abbesses”; a street full of small, specialty shops: cheeses, fish & oysters, butchers, bakeries, Italian and French Specialties, wine shops…Walking from one of these shops to another is easy and fun ! With its large typical french windows, wooden stairs, you will enjoy our romantic gateway with friends or family for  memorable holidays. What you will find : In the second floor: one room equipped with a king size bed, dressing, table & chair, bathroom with bath tub all equipped: hair dryer, washing machine and dryer. On the first floor: cosy living room with possibility to add a very comfortable Intex Raised Queen airbed with built in electric pump (your bed is ready in le"
33905	Vous dormirez dans la chambre confortable de nos 2 enfants partis en vacances loin de Paris. La journée, nous serons mon mari et moi au travail et le soir nous serons de retour à l'appartement entre 19h et 20h.	Dans le quartier animé de Barbès, vous serez accueillis dans un très bel appartement de 75m2 typiquement parisien composé d'un grand séjour (35m2) avec télé, d'une cuisine toute équipée (lave-linge + sèche-linge), d'une salle de bain et d'un WC. Vous dormirez dans la chambre confortable de nos 2 enfants partis en vacances loin de Paris. La journée, nous serons mon mari et moi au travail et le soir nous serons de retour à l'appartement entre 19h et 20h. Vous aurez accès à toutes les pièces équipées. Vous pourrez compter sur nous pour vous recommander les meilleurs restaurants, les visites incontournables de la capitales et tous ses bons plans! Métro 4 (Château rouge) et Métro 2 (Barbès Rochechouart) RER B gare du Nord Station taxi en bas de l'immeuble
33906	Independente room, 5 minutes from metro : Jules Joffrin  line 12, going on the Champs Elysées in 20 minutes or metro Marcadet Poissonniers, line 4 going to Notre Dame or Chatelet in 15 minutes there are also 3 bus which Montmartrobus (MMB) going to the Sacred Coeur and Montmartre in 10 minutes The studio is renovated including: convertible couch shower kitchenette closet microwave table and chairs sheets and towels are provided The toilets are outside from the room 6th floor without elevator There are many shops and restaurants in the area  You can see the Sacre Cœur from the window 	Independente room, 5 minutes from metro : Jules Joffrin  line 12, going on the Champs Elysées in 20 minutes or metro Marcadet Poissonniers, line 4 going to Notre Dame or Chatelet in 15 minutes there are also 3 bus which Montmartrobus (MMB) going to the Sacred Coeur and Montmartre in 10 minutes The studio is renovated including: convertible couch shower kitchenette closet microwave table and chairs sheets and towels are provided The toilets are outside from the room 6th floor without elevator There are many shops and restaurants in the area  You can see the Sacre Cœur from the window 
33907	Ground floor/Rez de chaussée chambre calme 	Bonjour, Je loue une chambre meublée L'appartement est de standing avec une bonne hauteur sous plafond, du parquet au sol. Idéalement situé, à la fois très proche des modes de transport (2min ligne 13) et du quartier commerçant, et en même temps tout à fait au calme. Il y a aussi une salle de sport à 5 mètres de la maison! Internet | Machine à laver | Meublé  Parquet Douche | Placards Ground floor/Rez de chaussée chambre calme All appartement will enjoy to help you find your way! quartier calme et commercial métro Guy Moquet, bus ligne 31. Proche du centre (15m)
33908	L’appartement est composé d’une chambre avec un lit 2 personnes 140x190, d’un salon avec canapé convertible pour 1 personne 110x205, les draps sont fournis. Salle de bain avec linge de toilettes et sèche cheveux. Cuisine équipée d’un réfrigérateur, four, machine à café Nespresso et machine à café classique. Grille pain, bouilloire, presse agrumes, vaisselle etc… et Lave Linge neuf. Aspirateur, planche et fer à repasser. / The apartment has a bedroom with a double bed, a living room with a single sofa bed 110x205, sheets provided. Bathroom with towels and hairdryer, kitchen with oven, classical coffee machine and Nespresso coffee machine. Toaster, kettle, juicer, dishes etc… new washing machine. Vacuum cleaner,  iron and ironing board.  C’est un endroit idéalement situé pour les vacances ou pour un séjour professionnel / It’s an enjoyable spot for a vacation or convenient location for a business stay. Vous pourrez voir sur la carte ci-dessous toutes les meilleures adresses dans le quart	Appartement de 2 pièces situé au 2e étage à 1mn du métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt. Très calme dans des cours pavées, dans le quartier vivant de Montmartre. Apartment, 2nd floor, 1mn from subway station. Quiet in courtyards, in the lively Montmartre area. L’appartement est composé d’une chambre avec un lit 2 personnes 140x190, d’un salon avec canapé convertible pour 1 personne 110x205, les draps sont fournis. Salle de bain avec linge de toilettes et sèche cheveux. Cuisine équipée d’un réfrigérateur, four, machine à café Nespresso et machine à café classique. Grille pain, bouilloire, presse agrumes, vaisselle etc… et Lave Linge neuf. Aspirateur, planche et fer à repasser. / The apartment has a bedroom with a double bed, a living room with a single sofa bed 110x205, sheets provided. Bathroom with towels and hairdryer, kitchen with oven, classical coffee machine and Nespresso coffee machine. Toaster, kettle, juicer, dishes etc… new washing machine. Vacuum cleaner,  iron and ironing board.  C’e
33909	Great; charming and spacious Studio. Perfectly located; comfortable; full equiped.  Amenities: double size bed, dressing room; dish washer; waching machine; tv led; audio equipment; bar table; convertible sofa (so there is place for groups up to 4 people).  Nice neighborhood, very parisian zone, supermarkets, bakeries, and wineries at the end of the street. Local street market on wednesday and saturday morning. The best choise to feel at home in Paris!!	Great/spacious studio,full equiped; convertible sofa (possible 2 extra people). Access:2 lines; 12 (Jules Jofrin), 13 (Guy Moquet), 5 min walking Montmatre estudio/monoamb, c/sofa cama para alojar 2 pers. mas. Metro 12 y 13 5 min. de montmatre Great; charming and spacious Studio. Perfectly located; comfortable; full equiped.  Amenities: double size bed, dressing room; dish washer; waching machine; tv led; audio equipment; bar table; convertible sofa (so there is place for groups up to 4 people).  Nice neighborhood, very parisian zone, supermarkets, bakeries, and wineries at the end of the street. Local street market on wednesday and saturday morning. The best choise to feel at home in Paris!! Metro lines: 12 (Jules Jofrin) and 13 (Guy Moquet). Bus 31 (from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est), 60 Velib station just at the corner 5 min. walk from The Sacre Coeur (Montmatre) I am a french girl, but I speak fluently english  and spanish, I lived 10 years abroad, UK, Chile, Amsterdam.  Don't he
33910	The architect played with the former apartment decoration: he selected some of the valuable antique wooden furniture, re-used some stained-glass doors, and kept the “tapisserie” on some of the living room walls as well as the full white marble bathroom. Alternatively he created a contrast by designing a modern kitchen with bright colors which links the living room, one of the bedroom and the bathroom. •Entering the apartment, the first glimpse is the view over Paris through the large left window. The light sprinkles over the stained-glass doors of the bedroom which is on the right. •The bedroom offers a queen size bed. It is equipped with large bookshelves. The bedroom window has a view over the calm rue d’Orchamps (semi pedestrian). When stained glass doors are slid open, light comes from both sides of the bed. •After entrance, one steps in the exceptionally large living room. It has 3 tall windows. It is furnished with a large antique wooden table, and a sofa corner with armchairs an	This unique & redesigned apartment (6 guests, 2 bedrooms, 75 m2) is located on the 1st floor (FR standard) in a Montmartre 19th century building in rue d’Orchampt, one of the highest rated streets in Montmartre. Great view over Paris & Eiffel Tower. The architect played with the former apartment decoration: he selected some of the valuable antique wooden furniture, re-used some stained-glass doors, and kept the “tapisserie” on some of the living room walls as well as the full white marble bathroom. Alternatively he created a contrast by designing a modern kitchen with bright colors which links the living room, one of the bedroom and the bathroom. •Entering the apartment, the first glimpse is the view over Paris through the large left window. The light sprinkles over the stained-glass doors of the bedroom which is on the right. •The bedroom offers a queen size bed. It is equipped with large bookshelves. The bedroom window has a view over the calm rue d’Orchamps (semi pedestrian). When s
33911	Bath tub, a big confortable bed, a washing-machine, towels, hair dryer, internet, all you need is here ;-)	Very nice flat with a balcony near the subway ( in the street ) and the bus, good location in Paris, you will enjoy the view and have dinner on the balcony in summer.  15 minutes from Montmartre, you have everything for nice holidays or week-end ! Bath tub, a big confortable bed, a washing-machine, towels, hair dryer, internet, all you need is here ;-) There are two subway stations near the falt ( Jules Joffrin lign 12 ) and Simplon ( lign 4 ), very easy from the airport. Also, bus and taxis in the street.
33912	Charming apartment in the heart of the Montmartre. Ideally located  close to the  Sacré coeur, restaurants ,coffees and trendy fashion shops, this charming flat offers  all the charm of Parisian life at a price defying any competition!	The bright sunny studio is located in one of the most exciting areas of Paris, Montmartre located to the north of central Paris. Here you will find history and and an atmosphere you will find nowhere else. Charming apartment in the heart of the Montmartre. Ideally located  close to the  Sacré coeur, restaurants ,coffees and trendy fashion shops, this charming flat offers  all the charm of Parisian life at a price defying any competition! The bright sunny studio is located in one of the most exciting areas of Paris, Montmartre located to the north of central Paris. Here you will find history and and an atmosphere you will find nowhere else. Montmartre is primarily known for the white-domed Basilica of the Sacre Cœur on its summit and as a nightclub district. This part of Paris is very picturesque, retaining an old world charm. For culture lovers there are plenty of museums, in particular a permanent exhibition of over three hundred works by Salvador Dali.
33913	In the heart of the 18th district of Paris, close to the historical area of Montmartre, you will appreciate the quiet and lively atmosphere of this neighbourhood. The building is just steps from the metro station, direct to the Champs Elysées, the Montparnasse Tower, the Orsay Museum, the Moulin Rouge and close to La Défense (the business center). It is a very safe and convenient place with a food store opened till 2am just downstairs. The apartment: It is a one-bedroom of 40 m2 (430 ft2) in a typical parisian building from the 19th century with a digicode and an interphone. It benefits from a triple exposition (South - West - North), and the 4 windows (with double glazing) make it very clear and quiet. From the 7th and last floor (with lift) you will enjoy a lovely view on Montmartre and Parisian roofs. Amenities Sleeping arrangements: 1 queen size bed - 1 double sofa bed - Duvets and pillows On demand: 1 single folding bed - 1 baby bed Kitchen: Plates, Freezer, Kettle / water-boiler,	In the heart of the 18th district of Paris, close to the historical area of Montmartre, you will appreciate the quiet and lively atmosphere of this neighbourhood. The building is just steps from the metro station, direct to the Champs Elysées, the Montparnasse Tower, the Orsay Museum, the Moulin Rouge and close to La Défense (the business center). It is a very safe and convenient place with a food store opened till 2am just downstairs. The apartment: It is a one-bedroom of 40 m2 (430 ft2) in a typical parisian building from the 19th century with a digicode and an interphone. It benefits from a triple exposition (South - West - North), and the 4 windows (with double glazing) make it very clear and quiet. From the 7th and last floor (with lift) you will enjoy a lovely view on Montmartre and Parisian roofs. Amenities Sleeping arrangements: 1 queen size bed - 1 double sofa bed - Duvets and pillows On demand: 1 single folding bed - 1 baby bed Kitchen: Plates, Freezer, Kettle / water-boiler,
33914	Very charming apartment Montmartre. In an old classical haussman building. Very typical and pleasant. Beautiful view of the parisians roof and sunset (6th floor) You can take your breakfast and meals on the kitchen's balcony and see the wonderful sunset  	Perfect location very close from Sacré Cœur Montmartre and lively area of the Mairie. Few meters from metro. Room with privat balcony in a small apart, beautiful view on the roofs. Typical parisian charm ! For 1 person (2max)  Women only/No Smoking Very charming apartment Montmartre. In an old classical haussman building. Very typical and pleasant. Beautiful view of the parisians roof and sunset (6th floor) You can take your breakfast and meals on the kitchen's balcony and see the wonderful sunset One great room with private balcony, lovely view. The bed is a futon. Very charming !  There is a small bathroom with tiny bath and toilets on the apartment, and a kitchen with a fridge, oven and washing machine you can use Living in Paris for about 20 years as an artist.  I'll be very happy to help you visiting the city. Make you plans and lists for walks and sight seeing Perfect for young woman traveling alone or with a friend Very closed to the Sacré Coeur in Montmartre. Perfect area only 
33915	If you appreciate Parisian architecture, the view from the apartment should please your eye! The apartment is cosy and clean.  The apartment is located in the city center of Paris, just a few minutes from the greatest monuments such as Sacré Cœur.  If you are a lover of typical Parisian building, you will be able to take beautiful pictures from the window of the apartment.	You will love your stay in this cosy apartment. Located right in the city centre of Paris,  just 4 minutes from the metro station. You can even walk to some main tourists area  (moulin rouge, sacré Coeur et Montmartre). The apartment is clean. If you appreciate Parisian architecture, the view from the apartment should please your eye! The apartment is cosy and clean.  The apartment is located in the city center of Paris, just a few minutes from the greatest monuments such as Sacré Cœur.  If you are a lover of typical Parisian building, you will be able to take beautiful pictures from the window of the apartment. The apartment location is very convenient, with all amentities you can possibly need: Internet, a TV, a kitchen, a washing machine, iron and its table and many other things. It is clean. You will have options of getting metros which will take you to Paris strategic locations (Champs Elysees, Opera, Saint Germain des Pres etc.). I will be available if needed during your stay. Pa
33916	The place is a 36m2 apartment that has two rooms with small balconies. One is a big bedroom, and the other is the living room (it has a thick curtain instead of a door) with a sofa-bed, where I sleep sometimes. The kitchen is separated from the living and you can use anything you need : fridge, microwave, oven. So you can have independence and privacy in your room. The apartment is on the second floor. The toilet is in the bathroom.	The place is a 36m2 apartment, two rooms with small balconies. One room is a big bedroom, and the other is the living room with a sofa-bed. The kitchen is separated from the living and you can use anything you need ! Welcome The place is a 36m2 apartment that has two rooms with small balconies. One is a big bedroom, and the other is the living room (it has a thick curtain instead of a door) with a sofa-bed, where I sleep sometimes. The kitchen is separated from the living and you can use anything you need : fridge, microwave, oven. So you can have independence and privacy in your room. The apartment is on the second floor. The toilet is in the bathroom. Check In/Out anytime you want. I'm living and working at home, so I'm available to help you anytime. Line 4 is less than 2 minutes away (Château Rouge), which can take you to the center of town in 15 minutes. Lots of small restaurants around, 10 minutes walk to Montmartre. You can also try velib (Paris bike renting system). It's possibl
33917	50m2 apartment rue Lamarck,  6em floor balcony all along the south-facing apartment. On vacation, I rent my room. The room is nice and sunny with a double door opening onto the balcony. Small apartment shared with three girls 25/28 years. No living room but the balcony is equipped (table, chairs, deckchair). To invite for dinner we also have the possibility to install a table with trestles and wood boards. Two boards sizes (4 and 6 people). Sheets and towels are furnished.  Wifi. Kitchen, washing machine, shower. Small bathroom Friends apartment, each help with household chores. Convivial Atmosphere. Subway: Guy Moquet (L13) and Lamarck Caulaincourt (L12). Cloth to Montmartre by foot! You will find all the commodities needed around the building : two supermarkets ( Carrefour and Franprix ) at a few steps, bakery downstairs, groceries... No smoking inside, but on the balcony. Maximum of two people because double is not very large.	50m2 apartment rue Lamarck,  6em floor balcony all along the south-facing apartment. On vacation, I rent my room. The room is nice and sunny with a double door opening onto the balcony. Small apartment shared with three girls 25/28 years. No living room but the balcony is equipped (table, chairs, deckchair). To invite for dinner we also have the possibility to install a table with trestles and wood boards. Two boards sizes (4 and 6 people). Sheets and towels are furnished.  Wifi. Kitchen, washing machine, shower. Small bathroom Friends apartment, each help with household chores. Convivial Atmosphere. Subway: Guy Moquet (L13) and Lamarck Caulaincourt (L12). Cloth to Montmartre by foot! You will find all the commodities needed around the building : two supermarkets ( Carrefour and Franprix ) at a few steps, bakery downstairs, groceries... No smoking inside, but on the balcony. Maximum of two people because double is not very large.
33918	"Charmant Appartement proche du Sacré Coeur dans un des quartiers les plus touristiques de la Capitale. Vous êtes à 15 minutes des Abbesses (joli village de Paris) en descendant vous pouvez visiter Paris By Night à Pigalle, où se trouve le cabaret ""Moulin Rouge"".  A 10 minutes à pied, le samedi, dimanche et lundi, une visite Aux Puces s'impose (Quelque bonne affaire pour les chineurs) Vous disposerez d'une chambre de 15m2 avec un lit double pour 2 personnes, avec un balcon où vous pouvez prendre votre petit déjeuner. Une salle de bain est à votre disposition. Dans le quartier, des restaurants (japonais, chinois, indien, français, etc.) à 5 minutes de l'appartement. Le magasin Monoprix est à l'angle de l'appartement. Pour visiter les lieux touristiques,  vous avez accès au Bus 31 qui vous emmène directement Aux Champs Elysées, Bus 95 qui vous emmène au Louvre et sur les Quai de la Seine, Quartier St Michel. Le métro = soit Guy Moquet                      soit Jules Joffrin A très bientot"	"Charmant Appartement proche du Sacré Coeur dans un des quartiers les plus touristiques de la Capitale. Vous êtes à 15 minutes des Abbesses (joli village de Paris) en descendant vous pouvez visiter Paris By Night à Pigalle, où se trouve le cabaret ""Moulin Rouge"".  A 10 minutes à pied, le samedi, dimanche et lundi, une visite Aux Puces s'impose (Quelque bonne affaire pour les chineurs) Vous disposerez d'une chambre de 15m2 avec un lit double pour 2 personnes, avec un balcon où vous pouvez prendre votre petit déjeuner. Une salle de bain est à votre disposition. Dans le quartier, des restaurants (japonais, chinois, indien, français, etc.) à 5 minutes de l'appartement. Le magasin Monoprix est à l'angle de l'appartement. Pour visiter les lieux touristiques,  vous avez accès au Bus 31 qui vous emmène directement Aux Champs Elysées, Bus 95 qui vous emmène au Louvre et sur les Quai de la Seine, Quartier St Michel. Le métro = soit Guy Moquet                      soit Jules Joffrin A très bientot"
33919	Très belle maison d'architecte de 120 m2 en duplex et située dans une petite rue pavée, à côté de la Porte de Clignancourt dans le 18e arrondissement et du fameux marché aux Puces (à moins  de 10 mn à pied). Il y a trois chambres à l'étage avec un lit double dans la première chambre et un canapé lit double dans le seconde, au premier étage. La troisème chambre est située au 2e étage, avec un lit double et un matelas d'appoint (matelas au sol). Il y a aussi une salle de bain avec baignoire, wc et lavabo. A l'étage vous trouverez un patio avec une table pour y prendre vos repas ou un café au soleil. Il y a également un bureau donnant sur le patio et un espace de détente. Au rez de chaussée vous trouverez la cuisine entièrement équipée et ouverte sur le grand salon. Il y a aussi une buanderie avec lave linge et sèche linge et une salle d'eau avec douche, lavabo et toilettes. Le salon est composé d'un espace salle à manger avec une grande table et de l'autre côté le salon avec des fauteuil	Très belle maison d'architecte de 120 m2 en duplex et située dans une petite rue pavée, à côté de la Porte de Clignancourt dans le 18e arrondissement et du fameux marché aux Puces (à moins  de 10 mn à pied). Il y a trois chambres à l'étage avec un lit double dans la première chambre et un canapé lit double dans le seconde, au premier étage. La troisème chambre est située au 2e étage, avec un lit double et un matelas d'appoint (matelas au sol). Il y a aussi une salle de bain avec baignoire, wc et lavabo. A l'étage vous trouverez un patio avec une table pour y prendre vos repas ou un café au soleil. Il y a également un bureau donnant sur le patio et un espace de détente. Au rez de chaussée vous trouverez la cuisine entièrement équipée et ouverte sur le grand salon. Il y a aussi une buanderie avec lave linge et sèche linge et une salle d'eau avec douche, lavabo et toilettes. Le salon est composé d'un espace salle à manger avec une grande table et de l'autre côté le salon avec des fauteuil
33920		45m2, 3 room apartment, 2 separate rooms+kitchen-living-room, bright , (filled,furnished flat), washing machine, wi fi at Guy Moquet in the 18th Paris .The room is for 1 clean, quiet GIRL from 1 day to 2  weeks maximum. I'm a black male (33yo).
33921	"Located in the 18th district of Paris, in the Amelie Poulain area, I offer a very peaceful, nice and cosy room with a real double bed (See pictures) The area is a kind of little ""village"". Street food market on wednesdays and saturdays, french ""bistrot"" and restaurants, supermarkets. A very convenient and one of the oldest district of Paris. 10 min walking distance from Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. 3 bus stops straight to central Paris (St Lazare, Opera(Louvre), St Germain des Près, Montparnasse, Charles de gaulle Etoile) : bus 95, 31 and 60. Also, 2 tube stations, 5 min walk (Ligne 12 Jules Joffrin and Lamark Caulaincourt or ligne 13 Guy Moquet). Bed and bath linen provided, wifi, kitchen and small bathroom available  . hereafter is a nice comment from guests ""Isabelle's apartment in Paris is a delightful option for a comfortable, welcoming stay in by far the best area of the city - beautiful Montmartre, gorgeous gourmet street markets and bakeries literally across the street, easily a"	"Located in the 18th district of Paris, in the Amelie Poulain area, I offer a very peaceful, nice and cosy room with a real double bed (See pictures) The area is a kind of little ""village"". Street food market on wednesdays and saturdays, french ""bistr Located in the 18th district of Paris, in the Amelie Poulain area, I offer a very peaceful, nice and cosy room with a real double bed (See pictures) The area is a kind of little ""village"". Street food market on wednesdays and saturdays, french ""bistrot"" and restaurants, supermarkets. A very convenient and one of the oldest district of Paris. 10 min walking distance from Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. 3 bus stops straight to central Paris (St Lazare, Opera(Louvre), St Germain des Près, Montparnasse, Charles de gaulle Etoile) : bus 95, 31 and 60. Also, 2 tube stations, 5 min walk (Ligne 12 Jules Joffrin and Lamark Caulaincourt or ligne 13 Guy Moquet). Bed and bath linen provided, wifi, kitchen and small bathroom available  . hereafter is a nice"
33922		Appartement spacieux au centre de Montmartre métro Abbesses, Voisin de Dalida, 5 min a Pied du Sacré cœur, fonctionnel, lumineux, serviettes et draps sur place, couchages très confortables 4 personnes, cuisine tout équipée pour un séjour parfait !!! Abbesses, au coeur de Montùartre, quartier chaleureux et artistique de Paris, incoutournable.
33923	"Welcome to Montmartre, a fantastic area in Paris! Popular with both tourists and real ""Parisiens"" this place is buzzing with life, day as night. Well known for the beautiful basilica Sacre Cœur and for it's romantic streets and winding stairs, this area offers food from every corner of the world and countless bars and cafés. Here is also many small design shops and small theaters and cabarets to discover! Our studio apartment is a real gem, hidden away in a quiet street. Here on the 5th floor you will sleep calmly in a real double bed and wake up to the amazing view of all of Paris;  Tour Eiffel, Notre Dame and all the characteristic rooftops of Paris is spreading out in front of you! The room has still quite a bit of it's old charm with a corner chimney and moldings around the ceiling, the small kitchen is equipped with all you need for making breakfast and other simple meals and we have a completely new bathroom. We of course offer you fresh towels and linen. There are several wonder"	"Romantic and practical , this studio apartment with a fantastic view of Paris and it's roof tops is situated in Montmartre. Quiet at night. Small kitchen, bathroom, real double bed. Flat screen & Wifi. For 2p   Close to metro Welcome to Montmartre, a fantastic area in Paris! Popular with both tourists and real ""Parisiens"" this place is buzzing with life, day as night. Well known for the beautiful basilica Sacre Cœur and for it's romantic streets and winding stairs, this area offers food from every corner of the world and countless bars and cafés. Here is also many small design shops and small theaters and cabarets to discover! Our studio apartment is a real gem, hidden away in a quiet street. Here on the 5th floor you will sleep calmly in a real double bed and wake up to the amazing view of all of Paris;  Tour Eiffel, Notre Dame and all the characteristic rooftops of Paris is spreading out in front of you! The room has still quite a bit of it's old charm with a corner chimney and moldi"
33924	"Welcome to Montmartre, the most pleasant and charming district of Paris. The apartment is ideally placed in front of the old windmill ""le moulin de la Galette"" that you can see from the living rrom. The street is very nice and quiet. Rue Lepic, one of the most famous streets of Montmartre with many shops, and restaurants (If you have seen the movie ""Amelie"", it's that street !) Only 5 mn walk to the Sacré coeur, place du Tertre and Moulin Rouge.  10 mn by bus or metro from Opéra and Galeries Lafayette. 20 mn from musée du Louvre by public transports. The apartment was recently renovated. 42m² (452 sq ft) with a big Living-room.  Very bright and quiet. Vintage furniture. Metro stations : Abbesses (line 12) Pigalle and Blanche (lines 2 and 12). Vélib station close and bus stop (Montmartrobus) just down the apartment. Living-room : Wifi, stereo system, fireplace Kitchen: dishwasher, fridge/freezer, cooking plates, oven, microwave, expresso and latte machine, fresh orange juice maker... Be"	"Welcome to Montmartre, the most pleasant and charming district of Paris. The apartment is ideally placed in front of the old windmill ""le moulin de la Galette"" that you can see from the living rrom. The street is very nice and quiet. Rue Lepic, one of the most famous streets of Montmartre with many shops, and restaurants (If you have seen the movie ""Amelie"", it's that street !) Only 5 mn walk to the Sacré coeur, place du Tertre and Moulin Rouge.  10 mn by bus or metro from Opéra and Galeries Lafayette. 20 mn from musée du Louvre by public transports. The apartment was recently renovated. 42m² (452 sq ft) with a big Living-room.  Very bright and quiet. Vintage furniture. Metro stations : Abbesses (line 12) Pigalle and Blanche (lines 2 and 12). Vélib station close and bus stop (Montmartrobus) just down the apartment. Living-room : Wifi, stereo system, fireplace Kitchen: dishwasher, fridge/freezer, cooking plates, oven, microwave, expresso and latte machine, fresh orange juice maker... Be"
33925	Romantique studio in the heart of Montmartre, near L'epicerie of Amelie Poulain, on 3rd floor in a very typical Parisian building from 19th century, located in a quiet street. The apartment is cosy and fully furnished. It has an antique Balinese bed with baldaquin It is 140 cm large and comfortable mostly for a romantic couple (mattress is custom made 100% wool by a Parisian artisan). The rest of the furniture has been picked to replicate the style of a early century Parisian house (Napoleon III style) with a Bohémien touch. The apartment is equipped with fridge, dishwasher and washing machine. Towels and linen are provided.	Romantique studio in the heart of Montmartre, near L'epicerie of Amelie Poulain, on 3rd floor in a very typical Parisian building from 19th century, located in a quiet street. The apartment is cosy and fully furnished. It has an antique Balinese bed with baldaquin It is 140 cm large and comfortable mostly for a romantic couple (mattress is custom made 100% wool by a Parisian artisan). The rest of the furniture has been picked to replicate the style of a early century Parisian house (Napoleon III style) with a Bohémien touch. The apartment is equipped with fridge, dishwasher and washing machine. Towels and linen are provided. Guests can use the dishwasher and washing machine if they need. Dishes, cups and cutlery may also be used. The guests will be provided clean towels and linen.  Hand soap and shower gel are also provided. My housekeeper and I will welcome you and you will have the apartment all for you as we will not live there. We will always be available via mobile/text/email in c
33926	nice flat in montmartre just behind sacré coeur.  size : 40 m² 2 rooms flat. well furnisched with all the equipement.  it's on the 4rth floor with a nice view. You ve a big large double bed in the bedroom and a sofa in the living room wich can be converted to a bed.  the location is perfect , nice restaurant, market, touristic places are close, and you have very local spot also.   	nice flat in montmartre just behind sacré coeur.  size : 40 m² 2 rooms flat. well furnisched with all the equipement.  it's on the 4rth floor with a nice view. You ve a big large double bed in the bedroom and a sofa in the living room wich can be converted to a bed.  the location is perfect , nice restaurant, market, touristic places are close, and you have very local spot also.   
33927	 This Romantic apartment is located in what has recently become a very fashionable neighborhood out of the tourist area, yet within a 2 minute walk of Sacré-Coeur.   The apartment has been entirely renovated by a decorator. It has a living room suitable in two rooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and a terrace.   Located at the third floor (French standard), it is very bright and quiet.  The living room has two French windows, overlooking a charming garden on a quiet street. It contains a fire place, a sofa bed, a collector Eames chair, a flat TV, a DVD player, a stereo and Wi-Fi Internet connection. It is connected to the bedroom by a sliding wall to modulate the space in one large room or two separate rooms.   A beautiful kitchen is covered with Portuguese 18th century tiles and woodwork, has a marble worktop and is fully equipped with electric cooker, mixed grill and microwave, washing-machine and a refrigerator with freezer. A glass door window allows access to the terrace.   The terrace f	 This Romantic apartment is located in what has recently become a very fashionable neighborhood out of the tourist area, yet within a 2 minute walk of Sacré-Coeur.   The apartment has been entirely renovated by a decorator. It has a living room suitable in two rooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and a terrace.   Located at the third floor (French standard), it is very bright and quiet.  The living room has two French windows, overlooking a charming garden on a quiet street. It contains a fire place, a sofa bed, a collector Eames chair, a flat TV, a DVD player, a stereo and Wi-Fi Internet connection. It is connected to the bedroom by a sliding wall to modulate the space in one large room or two separate rooms.   A beautiful kitchen is covered with Portuguese 18th century tiles and woodwork, has a marble worktop and is fully equipped with electric cooker, mixed grill and microwave, washing-machine and a refrigerator with freezer. A glass door window allows access to the terrace.   The terrace f
33928	Quiet and confortable flat (50m²) with 2 rooms (only one for rent), 3rd floor without lift.  The bedroom has 1 bed for 1 person and could be convert as a kind size bed - confortable as a real bed.  	Good situation at Porte de la Chapelle. Only 20mn from Paris CDG Airport in taxi (from 30€). Close to Olive market and the Pajol new fashion area.  Quiet and confortable flat (50m²) with 2 rooms (only one for rent), 3rd floor without lift.  The bedroom has 1 bed for 1 person and could be convert as a kind size bed - confortable as a real bed.   Kitchen and Lounge acces. Free wifi.  I will be there to welcome you and give you all details needed to discover the area and Paris.  Cosmopolite area close to Hebert swimming pool, Olive Market, cinema, theather and the new fasion area of Pajol.  Subway 12 / Tram 3b / Bus 65 : Porte de la Chapelle. Taxi : 20mn from Roissy CDG
33929	Charmant 2 pièces de 38 m² au 3ième étage se composant : -Une chambre avec un grand lit et une grand armoire  -Un salon composé d’une télévision, d’un clic clac ( deux places) , tables basses, table extensible  -D’une salle de bain ( avec baignoire)  -D’une petite cuisine américaine ( plaque de cuisson, four, réfrigérateur et micro-onde) -D’un wc séparé  -Lave-linge -Wifi 	Très beau appartement proche de la station de métro « Jules Joffrin » en plein 18ime arrondissement. Idéal pour visiter la capital. Proximité des transports et des commerçants.  Quartier très agréable.  N’hésitez pas a me contacter si besoin. Charmant 2 pièces de 38 m² au 3ième étage se composant : -Une chambre avec un grand lit et une grand armoire  -Un salon composé d’une télévision, d’un clic clac ( deux places) , tables basses, table extensible  -D’une salle de bain ( avec baignoire)  -D’une petite cuisine américaine ( plaque de cuisson, four, réfrigérateur et micro-onde) -D’un wc séparé  -Lave-linge -Wifi Accès a tous l'appartement. A proximité : -Boulangeries -Epiceries -Superettes  -Petit jardin -Boutiques Pour ce qui est des transports : -Ligne 12 : Arrêt « Jules Joffrin » à 2 minutes ( en 5 minutes de la station Pigalle)  -Ligne 4 : Arrêt « Porte de Clignancourt » à 8 minutes -Divers bus à 2 minutes de l’appartement :  oBus 31 vers les champs Elysées en 25 minutes oBus 60 vers
33930	This location is nice close to Sacré Coeur, les Abesses et Montmartre, in a very typical parisian, building, this place will be your perfect home for 2 adults and a child to visit Paris close to place to see but in a living area you will feel live life of a real parisian. 	This great Flat with charm is located  in Montmartre at the last floor of a typical parisian Haussmann building, very quiet but in an animated area, metro and all shops and restaurants within minutes, kithen equipped, separate toilets and 2 rooms.
33931	The appartement is my cosy and spacious. There is a living room with a sofa which convertible. There is also a big room whith a double bed. The room is oriented to the backyard so it is really quiet and you can sleep well.  The kitchen is fully equipped kitchen (firdge, ceramic glass cooktop, washdishes and oven). There is a bathroom with a washing machine. WC, balcony.  There can be 2 to 4 people in the apartment.  Towels, hairdryer and linen provided, Internet and TV.	Charming and spacious apartment of 45m² located close to Montmartre. Full equiped and in front of the metro The appartement is my cosy and spacious. There is a living room with a sofa which convertible. There is also a big room whith a double bed. The room is oriented to the backyard so it is really quiet and you can sleep well.  The kitchen is fully equipped kitchen (firdge, ceramic glass cooktop, washdishes and oven). There is a bathroom with a washing machine. WC, balcony.  There can be 2 to 4 people in the apartment.  Towels, hairdryer and linen provided, Internet and TV. 10 minutes from Gare du Nord 15 minutes from châtelet les halles 20 minutes from saint michel I'll do the check in and the check out and I could give you tips about the place to visit in Paris Popular area with a lot of fast food restaurants (american, turkish, asiatics) lately open. Near supermarkets. Near the subway so easy to acces everywhere in Paris and suburb Subway/Bus Porte de Clignancourt (L4): 30 seconde
33932	My flat is ideal for a couple who would like to discover Paris and be located on the feet of Montmartre, or 3 friends. It is possible to stay to 4 people, but you might be feel a bit tight.  It is about 33m2 and has 2 rooms: a living room with open kitchen and a sleeping room with a king size bed.  You will enter it from the groundfloor of the renovated building, after 2 security doors (first with an access code, second with a magnetic pass). There is a small piece which separates entrance  from the living room. The living room is the main room of the flat and my favourite one! It is lighted thanks of 2 windows. But you will not be bothered by indelicate neighbors because the front building is window-less! I decorated this room with wood furnitures, paper lights and a large and thin woven carpet upon the parquet. I tried to create a minimal effect, and I must say that I feel quite zen when I sat at my desk!  As I'm passionated by photo, I hung tree pics of my travels in Europe just abo	The flat is a great spot for a couple who would like to discover one of the most charming places in Paris: Montmartre! You will find all necessary accommodation (kitchen, electrical oven, fridge, washing machine) in a wooden minimalist decoration. My flat is ideal for a couple who would like to discover Paris and be located on the feet of Montmartre, or 3 friends. It is possible to stay to 4 people, but you might be feel a bit tight.  It is about 33m2 and has 2 rooms: a living room with open kitchen and a sleeping room with a king size bed.  You will enter it from the groundfloor of the renovated building, after 2 security doors (first with an access code, second with a magnetic pass). There is a small piece which separates entrance  from the living room. The living room is the main room of the flat and my favourite one! It is lighted thanks of 2 windows. But you will not be bothered by indelicate neighbors because the front building is window-less! I decorated this room with wood furn
33933	Chambre 1 : meublée d’un lit double (160x200), elle dispose d’un balcon avec vue sur le Sacré Cœur d’un côté, et sur les toits parisiens de l’autre. Chambre 2 : salon avec canapé-lit (140x190), fauteuil, bibliothèque et chaîne stéréo. Elle offre une très belle vue sur le Sacré Cœur.  Une troisième chambre peut être disponible, avec un lit bébé, une table à langer et de nombreux livres d’enfants et jouets (demander détails lors de la réservation).  Le prix indiqué est pour les deux chambres, contacter les propriétaires pour une seule chambre ou pour la chambre de bébé.	Montmartre, face au Sacré Cœur, quartier parisien calme et typique. Étage d'appartement sans cuisine, avec 2 chambres (ou chambre avec salon) refaites entièrement en 2013, et 2 salles de bains privatives, desservies par une entrée indépendante. Possibilité Lit Bébé. Chambre 1 : meublée d’un lit double (160x200), elle dispose d’un balcon avec vue sur le Sacré Cœur d’un côté, et sur les toits parisiens de l’autre. Chambre 2 : salon avec canapé-lit (140x190), fauteuil, bibliothèque et chaîne stéréo. Elle offre une très belle vue sur le Sacré Cœur.  Une troisième chambre peut être disponible, avec un lit bébé, une table à langer et de nombreux livres d’enfants et jouets (demander détails lors de la réservation).  Le prix indiqué est pour les deux chambres, contacter les propriétaires pour une seule chambre ou pour la chambre de bébé. Les deux pièces sont au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, l’entrée est meublée d’un bureau et offre une vue très dégagée sur les toits de Paris. Les visiteurs auront
33934	Being travelers ourselves, we are used to be in other people apartment, so we want to offer you a beautiful place for a moderate price which will allow you to discover Paris with your family and friends, without having to much to spend.	Ten minutes from Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge, in an 19th century building, this charming 3 rooms apartment (60m2), with 2 bedrooms, living with wood  floor, fireplace, library all over the wall of one of the bedroom, can welcome up to 4 people Being travelers ourselves, we are used to be in other people apartment, so we want to offer you a beautiful place for a moderate price which will allow you to discover Paris with your family and friends, without having to much to spend. There are two bedrooms, one living room, one spacious bathroom and one kitchen. Because it's on the 5th floor with big windows in every rooms, it's full of light and it's also quiet. The living room:  20m2 living room, with fire-place, books, TV satellite, recorder, sofa and armchair and a dining room corner with a large table to have your meals all around. The kitchen:  Entire furnished kitchen (fridge, cooker, Italian coffee machine, toasted grill, washing machine. Two bedrooms:  One bedroom on the back yard
33935		Welcome!  Bright, clean and modern fully equipped apt of 30sqm in a quiet street 3min walk to metro lines 4 & 12 north of Montmartre. 3rd floor no elevator of a corner building. Nice green open kitchen 1 single bed in the living room + 1 Dbl bed
33936	This is a very nice two rooms on the fourth floor without elevator which living / dining room overlooks the square from the top of the Muller street (very quiet). The room overlooks a courtyard. It is an ideal place to rest in peace and enjoys this magical neighborhood!	On Montmartre , a few steps of the Sacre Coeur, charming 2 rooms comfortable for 2-4 people. This is a very nice two rooms on the fourth floor without elevator which living / dining room overlooks the square from the top of the Muller street (very quiet). The room overlooks a courtyard. It is an ideal place to rest in peace and enjoys this magical neighborhood! All linen is provided (towels, sheets, towels ...), the kitchen includes 2 hot plates, MW (cutlery, crockery, cookware ...), washing machine, dishwasher. The apartment has an entrance, bedroom (courtyard), living room (with a 2 persons confortable sofa bed), a kitchen and a bathroom with shower / toilet. For your tranquility, bedroom and living room are separated by a door. The apartment is equipped with Wi-Fi connection. Bedding is quality. The bed in the room is two places (140x200), there is a sofa bed in the living room (140x200). During our meeting to hand over the keys, I will be very happy to recommend some addresses that
33937	This beautiful 2 rooms, carefully decorated and benefits from all modern comforts. It is ideally located 50 meters from the shopping street of Abbesses, 2 steps from Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge, the Sacred Heart (500m). 2 metro lines are nearby (lines 2 and 12) for easy access to everything. Very quiet as court located on the 6th floor (with elevator). The living room with its balcony offers stunning views of the Eiffel Tower, the Grand Palais and Montmartre, it is equipped with a large TV and a BOSE audio system 5.1. Sofa bed for 2 people. (queen size) The kitchen is open to the lounge and is fully equipped: Oven (conventional, convection oven, microwave), induction hob, dishwasher, refrigerated wine cellar, toaster, coffee maker. The room has a queen size bed, a TV and plenty of storage. There is a washing machine/dryer All shutters of the apartment are electric.	This beautiful 2 rooms, carefully decorated and benefits from all modern comforts. It is ideally located 50 meters from the shopping street of Abbesses, 2 steps from Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge, the Sacred Heart (500m). 2 metro lines are nearby (lines 2 and 12) for easy access to everything. Very quiet as court located on the 6th floor (with elevator). The living room with its balcony offers stunning views of the Eiffel Tower, the Grand Palais and Montmartre, it is equipped with a large TV and a BOSE audio system 5.1. Sofa bed for 2 people. (queen size) The kitchen is open to the lounge and is fully equipped: Oven (conventional, convection oven, microwave), induction hob, dishwasher, refrigerated wine cellar, toaster, coffee maker. The room has a queen size bed, a TV and plenty of storage. There is a washing machine/dryer All shutters of the apartment are electric.
33938	"the flat is really nice with a view at montmartre sacré coeur 15 minutes walking distance from Montmartre aerea near a street where you'll find lots of shops and grocery stores, typical café and restaurant from the old days ""la renaissance"" quiet and sunny flat on the 7th floor with elevator of course a bedroom for 2 with a 160 cm large bed a corridor wc / bathroom with shower/ kitchen  living room with comfy couch, books, tv, table, chesterfield armchairs, LC4 chair ... and a balcony all around the flat   metro/bus nearby next to the typical flea market ""Marché aux Puces"" st ouen clignancourt"	"charming appartment with 3 rooms, 1 bedroom, amazing view on Sacre Coeur Basilic Montmartre and nice balcony where to have breakfast, coffee ) on 7th floor very quiet and sunny so convenient! next to flea market, shops, transportation the flat is really nice with a view at montmartre sacré coeur 15 minutes walking distance from Montmartre aerea near a street where you'll find lots of shops and grocery stores, typical café and restaurant from the old days ""la renaissance"" quiet and sunny flat on the 7th floor with elevator of course a bedroom for 2 with a 160 cm large bed a corridor wc / bathroom with shower/ kitchen  living room with comfy couch, books, tv, table, chesterfield armchairs, LC4 chair ... and a balcony all around the flat   metro/bus nearby next to the typical flea market ""Marché aux Puces"" st ouen clignancourt internet, tv, ... I can help you prepare your trip or give advices on things to visit, restaurants, even outside paris if you'd like shops, markets, Montmartre, Sac"
33939	In one of the most ancient building of Montmartre, though well-maintained and defended by a door code. Perfect for a family of  2 adults + 3 children 1 bedroom with 1 double bed (140x200) 1 bedroom with 1 mezzanine bed (from 6 to 12 yo) 1 bedroom with 2 beds (from 2 ans to 8 yo) Open kitchen  fully fitted Bathroom with a mosaic italian shower Separate toilets	"Perfectly located place des Abbesses, a few steps from the ""Mur des Je t'aime"", next to the metro and shops. Atypical because very quiet in a lively neighborhood. Nice and bright flat, 60 square meters. Perfect for a family of five (2 adults + 3 children under 12). In one of the most ancient building of Montmartre, though well-maintained and defended by a door code. Perfect for a family of  2 adults + 3 children 1 bedroom with 1 double bed (140x200) 1 bedroom with 1 mezzanine bed (from 6 to 12 yo) 1 bedroom with 2 beds (from 2 ans to 8 yo) Open kitchen  fully fitted Bathroom with a mosaic italian shower Separate toilets The guests have access to all the equipments. WIFI (fiber), cable tv, free illimited ground phone for Europe and North America. Linen (kitchen, bed and bath). Hairdyrer 500 DVD/Bluray (with a children section) Nice library (in french) Lots of toys, games, books (in french and english) for children (0-5 yo) No smoking flat No pets emails and phone Situé dans un quartier "
33940	On the 4th floor, you will find a really sunny, and cosy apartment. A big living room with an open kitchen and a convertible sofa, and a room with a real bed, and a bathroom with shower and toilet. 	A lovely flat in a popular surrounding. Totally redesigned 1 year ago,you'll enjoy the comfortable bathroom, a warm bedroom (queen bed) and a brand new sofa (115 cm large). Modern and short distance from Paris most visited spots. Welcome home ! On the 4th floor, you will find a really sunny, and cosy apartment. A big living room with an open kitchen and a convertible sofa, and a room with a real bed, and a bathroom with shower and toilet. You will have access to the whole flat. I can give you a lot of advice to explore the city as a real Parisian. I may not be here so a friend of mine will welcome you ! Walk on the footsteps of Amélie Poulain! On the right bank of Paris, in the heights of the city, a bit away from the chaos and the crowd, the 18th arrondissement is a vast arrondissement, made of authenticity, full of charm, with, in some places, a real village-like feeling. Between Saint-Ouen, its flea market and its buzzing agitation, and Montmartre, its Place du Tertre, its Sacré Coe
33941	Idéal pour un couple, ce petit appartement est très bien placé, accès rapide et simple au centre de Paris et à toutes les gares parisiennes grâce à la ligne 4 du métro.  J'y vis tous les jours, il est donc fonctionnel, équipé, petit mais pratique et cosy !  	Je mets à disposition mon appartement très bien situé dans le 18ème arrondissement (250 m du métro Simplon l4 et 300 m du métro Jules Joffrin l12). Disposant d'un salon, d'une chambre avec un grand lit (160cm), kitchenette et salle de douche/wc. Idéal pour un couple, ce petit appartement est très bien placé, accès rapide et simple au centre de Paris et à toutes les gares parisiennes grâce à la ligne 4 du métro.  J'y vis tous les jours, il est donc fonctionnel, équipé, petit mais pratique et cosy ! Je ferai un peu de place dans les placards si vous restez quelques jours, mais c'est tout de même assez limité en rangements ! Sinon vous pouvez tout utiliser. Je n'ai pas de fournisseur TV mais un écran avec lecteur DVD et pas mal de choix. Je fournis draps et serviettes. Wifi Lave linge - table à repasser et fer En fonction de la période à laquelle vous serez là, soit je serai sur Paris et bien sûr disponible pour échanger avec vous, vous donner des conseils et vous accueillir ; soit je ser
33942	Stay in our lovely apartment in the very heart of Montmartre, a few minutes from Sacré-Coeur. It is located on the first floor, in Avenue Junot, a pleasant and peaceful street, 2 minutes away from metro station Lamarck. Greatly located for enjoying the various restaurants and colorful bars of the upper side of Montmartre. The 50 square meters apartment is made of one large bedroom with kitchen and bathroom while Jahnessa and I occupy another room. We offer wireless high-speed Internet, color printer, full-equipped kitchen and a washing machine. We also provide a high resolution projector for those who wants to watch movies at home like in a cinema. Come enjoy a little bit of Paris in our place. A bientôt! Laurent & Jahnessa	We rent a lovely apartment in the very heart of Montmartre, in Avenue Junot, a pleasant and peaceful street close to metro station Lamarck. Greatly located for enjoying the various restaurants and colorful bars of Montmartre. Stay in our lovely apartment in the very heart of Montmartre, a few minutes from Sacré-Coeur. It is located on the first floor, in Avenue Junot, a pleasant and peaceful street, 2 minutes away from metro station Lamarck. Greatly located for enjoying the various restaurants and colorful bars of the upper side of Montmartre. The 50 square meters apartment is made of one large bedroom with kitchen and bathroom while Jahnessa and I occupy another room. We offer wireless high-speed Internet, color printer, full-equipped kitchen and a washing machine. We also provide a high resolution projector for those who wants to watch movies at home like in a cinema. Come enjoy a little bit of Paris in our place. A bientôt! Laurent & Jahnessa In addition to the room, the guest has f
33943	Pour 2 personnes vous disposerez d'un 2 pièces de 35m2 avec chambre sur cour, d'un lit en140*200, d'un salon/salle à manger avec canapé et grande table en verre, d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain et d'un wc séparé.  Si vous êtes 3 ou 4, vous profiterez d'une chambre supplémentaire avec un lit  160*200 et d'un espace de 50m2. Les couettes, oreillers, draps et serviettes sont fournis.  Vous trouverez, pour votre confort, un réfrigérateur, four, micro-ondes, lave vaisselle et lave linge, ustensiles de cuisine, cafetière, bouilloire et grille pain, fer et planche à repasser, télévision et wifi Internet.  Nous vous souhaitons un agréable séjour.	2 ou 3 pièces au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Vous serez situé dans un des quartiers les + visité de Paris: la Butte Montmartre, dans une rue arborée avec boutiques alimentaires, restaurants et transports. Couchage pour 2 à 4 pers. avec 2 vrais lits. Pour 2 personnes vous disposerez d'un 2 pièces de 35m2 avec chambre sur cour, d'un lit en140*200, d'un salon/salle à manger avec canapé et grande table en verre, d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain et d'un wc séparé.  Si vous êtes 3 ou 4, vous profiterez d'une chambre supplémentaire avec un lit  160*200 et d'un espace de 50m2. Les couettes, oreillers, draps et serviettes sont fournis.  Vous trouverez, pour votre confort, un réfrigérateur, four, micro-ondes, lave vaisselle et lave linge, ustensiles de cuisine, cafetière, bouilloire et grille pain, fer et planche à repasser, télévision et wifi Internet.  Nous vous souhaitons un agréable séjour. L'appartement se trouve rue Caulaincourt,  belle rue arborée avec boutiques alimentaires, res
33944	Entrée avec WC séparé, salon avec cuisine américaine et canapé-lit double, chambre côté cour avec lit 160 et espace bureau, salle de bains avec douche italienne, accès internet, linge fourni. Au pied de l'immeuble, bar restaurant, station vélib. In a 5 mm walk range there are several places for food-shops and groceries, rue du Poteau, rue Ordener with an open market three times a week, around metro station Guy Moquet with a number of different quality shops, bars with Sunday brunch in a typically Parisian atmosphere away from purely touristic places. 15 mm walk will take you to the bus climbing on la butte Montmartre. The famous Clignancourt greatest Marché aux Puces is 15 mm walk also. 	Dans un immeuble Haussmannien avec ascenseur, ce 54 m2 très confortable, calme et refait à neuf est idéalement orienté Est/Ouest. Il possède deux balcons donnant sur un mail arboré. Bistrot et velib  ; tous commerces et transports à proximité. Entrée avec WC séparé, salon avec cuisine américaine et canapé-lit double, chambre côté cour avec lit 160 et espace bureau, salle de bains avec douche italienne, accès internet, linge fourni. Au pied de l'immeuble, bar restaurant, station vélib. In a 5 mm walk range there are several places for food-shops and groceries, rue du Poteau, rue Ordener with an open market three times a week, around metro station Guy Moquet with a number of different quality shops, bars with Sunday brunch in a typically Parisian atmosphere away from purely touristic places. 15 mm walk will take you to the bus climbing on la butte Montmartre. The famous Clignancourt greatest Marché aux Puces is 15 mm walk also. All railway stations (gare du Nord with a direct connection 
33945	We've just finished the full renovation of our apartment. It has a queen-sized bed in the bedroom and a pull-out couch in the living room which comfortably sleeps 2 (we can also provide a playpen). The kitchen is fully equipped and is open to the living room which makes the apartment very luminous. The bathroom has a large shower. The apartment also has access to a semi-private courtyard.	Our 1-bedroom, fully renovated apartment is at the foot of the Sacre Coeur. It's situated between 2 courtyards so it's peaceful despite being in the heart of Montmartre. It comfortably sleeps 4. It's perfect for romantic getaways or family vacations! We've just finished the full renovation of our apartment. It has a queen-sized bed in the bedroom and a pull-out couch in the living room which comfortably sleeps 2 (we can also provide a playpen). The kitchen is fully equipped and is open to the living room which makes the apartment very luminous. The bathroom has a large shower. The apartment also has access to a semi-private courtyard. The apartment is situated between two courtyards, one of which is semi-private (we share it with the neighbors across from us). We will be in the neighborhood so if you need any assistance during your stay we're just minutes away. We have lived in Montmartre for years. There are tons of lovely restaurants, cafes, and bars and we can make suggestions about
33946	"Charming Studio well located in the famous area of Montmartre! In a very lively and nice neighborhood, as well as touristic authentic, bohemian and bourgeois, from small quiet streets with hidden typical Parisian cafe and restaurants to famous places like Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur, Place du Tertre (the artists square), the Dali museum, Pigalle night life. You'll find traditional artisan shops next to fashion boutiques, Young Creators, art galleries .. The Studio 23 sqm, one 2nd floor, no elevator, in a secure Parisian building, and digital code. The apartment door HAS high security lock. Its made of a luminous one big room (Two big Windows fully Exposed South): one queen size bed table, chairs, washing machine, dressing room, fully equiped kitchenette, bathroom. The studio is Located very close to Metro ""Blanche"" (line 2), (Pigalle line 2 & 12) and (Abbesses line 12) as well as a Velib station (public bicycle service) in The Same Street. SEE PLAN ACCESS All commodities are Situated a c"	Charming Studio well located in the famous area of Montmartre! In a very lively and nice neighborhood, as well as touristic authentic, bohemian and bourgeois, from small quiet streets with hidden typical Parisian cafe and restaurants to famous plac Charming Studio well located in the famous area of Montmartre! In a very lively and nice neighborhood, as well as touristic authentic, bohemian and bourgeois, from small quiet streets with hidden typical Parisian cafe and restaurants to famous places like Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur, Place du Tertre (the artists square), the Dali museum, Pigalle night life. You'll find traditional artisan shops next to fashion boutiques, Young Creators, art galleries .. The Studio 23 sqm, one 2nd floor, no elevator, in a secure Parisian building, and digital code. The apartment door HAS high security lock. Its made of a luminous one big room (Two big Windows fully Exposed South): one queen size bed table, chairs, washing machine, dressing room, fully equiped k
33947		The flat is in the 18th district of Paris, near Montmatre (Quartier La Chapelle / Marx Dormoy) Big flat (66m2), luminous, charming, typical french, nice area. There is one room to rent for two people. Near to train stations and the Paris' center. (subway/ bus) Possible to cook, internet, washing machine. Welcome here ! Internet, washing machine, sheet and towel. We are sociable, polite and smiling girls, possible to chat and give some advices but we understand also that people want to be peacefull. There is a typical market at 5minutes of walk (marché de l'olive, marché Barbès). Lovely shops, and bistrots. Nice area, a lots of indian and french food. Close to subway Marx Dormoy (line 12) and La Chapelle (line2). Very close to Montmatre (Pigalle, Abbesses). 15minutes of walk from the stations : Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord.
33948	Only few minutes away from Montmartre, sunny apartment, on the 5th floor (no elevator) with balcony. Many groceries in the neighbourhood, and 5 min walking from Jules Joffrin area. This is our home, so you will find everything you need for a nice stay in Paris. 	Beautiful family apartment, very close to Montmartre (Sacré-Coeur). 1 min away from metro lines 4 and 12. Many groceries in the neighbourhood. 2 bedrooms (including a kids room) and a  convertible sofa in the living room. Only few minutes away from Montmartre, sunny apartment, on the 5th floor (no elevator) with balcony. Many groceries in the neighbourhood, and 5 min walking from Jules Joffrin area. This is our home, so you will find everything you need for a nice stay in Paris. 6 people can fit in the living room (4 adults & 2 kids): - Living room - Large double bedroom with queen size bed - Kids room with a toddler bed and a baby crib - Convertible sofa in the living room which makes a comfy double bed - Bathroom with bathub/shower - Fully equipped kitchen The apartment is equiped for a family with kids. We have a stroller is you need. We rent our apartment when we are away, however, we will leave you a note with all the neigbourhood details and or favourite adresses. Our friends or 
33949		This 2nd floor flat (no lift) has original exposed beams and high ceilings. There is an original marble fireplace, wood floors, floor to ceiling windows, and a living room view that overlooks an incredible view of the bustling Place. Sacre Coeur looms above Paris like a grand white guardian angel, and is the recognizable mark to the area of Montmartre. Once the hub of activity in the 1800s, the area still bustles with activity. Next door to Sacre Coeur is the Place du Tertre, the little village square where Toulouse Lautrec, Van Gogh, and Picasso spent time, as well as Ernest Hemingway, who often ate in the restaurant Au Clairon des Chausseurs, which is still located at in the square. Montmartre is an interesting blend of old and new, packed with tiny little cobblestone streets perfect for exploring on foot. It offers that perfectly Paris flavor with neighborhood bakeries, creperies and small cafes, as well as lively, colorful hangouts with piano bars and late night eateries. The Mouli
33950	Many cheap and yummy markets are available in the neighborhood.	A comfortable bed and a futon for the third person. The whole kitchen available as well as the bathroom.  Any question ? We are here to reply ! Many cheap and yummy markets are available in the neighborhood. You have access to all the flat except my own bed room.
33951	"Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and  stay in a confortable all furnished apartment in on of the most popular and trendy part of Paris. 1 bedroom apartment ideally located at the heart of the lively and adorable Montmartre area. Just get by the window and you'll fell ""real life"", just close the window and dive in the warm and quiet atmosphere of this lovely place. You won't have to walk more than a few meters to find any kind of fresh food, restaurants, bars, shops and anything you might wish.  Big living-dining room with open kitchen and a sofa bed for two more persons.  One bedroom.  Shower room.  WIFI access.  I can offer you more and  give you a taste of the real Paris like only one native of this city can._ I will give you the keys to plan an unforgettable and personally tailored vacation, everything from lodging to dining to entertainment to shopping. Time saving and quality enhancing guaranteed! Ask for more details. "	"Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and  stay in a confortable all furnished apartment in on of the most popular and trendy part of Paris. 1 bedroom apartment ideally located at the heart of the lively and adorable Montmartre area. Just get by the window and you'll fell ""real life"", just close the window and dive in the warm and quiet atmosphere of this lovely place. You won't have to walk more than a few meters to find any kind of fresh food, restaurants, bars, shops and anything you might wish.  Big living-dining room with open kitchen and a sofa bed for two more persons.  One bedroom.  Shower room.  WIFI access.  I can offer you more and  give you a taste of the real Paris like only one native of this city can._ I will give you the keys to plan an unforgettable and personally tailored vacation, everything from lodging to dining to entertainment to shopping. Time saving and quality enhancing guaranteed! Ask for more details. "
33952		This 32 square meter flat is located at the first floor in an interior courtyard which makes it very quiet.  The flat is fully equipped and has a double bed and a spacious living room. It is well located at only a 3 minute-walk from the metro station
33953	BEAUTIFUL FURNISHED STUDIO, 26m2 well equipped for 2 persons ( one real double bed and a sofa bed): Entrance, Kitchen corner, Shower-room with bath tube, quiet and bright, view over a garden from a private balcony. Free ADSL and DTT. On the 6th floor of recent building with elevator, Secured doors by digicode. Close to North Station (Gare du Nord - Railway station Thalys & Eurostar terminus) (Subwayline 4 & 2; RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) B; D & E).  Nice neibourhood with many bars and restaurants.  Alive and popular district.	Two steps away from Montmartre and Sacré-Cœur our net and clear studio is set in a cosmopolite environnement but fare from any street noise. Perfect situation to discover Paris city charmes. BEAUTIFUL FURNISHED STUDIO, 26m2 well equipped for 2 persons ( one real double bed and a sofa bed): Entrance, Kitchen corner, Shower-room with bath tube, quiet and bright, view over a garden from a private balcony. Free ADSL and DTT. On the 6th floor of recent building with elevator, Secured doors by digicode. Close to North Station (Gare du Nord - Railway station Thalys & Eurostar terminus) (Subwayline 4 & 2; RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) B; D & E).  Nice neibourhood with many bars and restaurants.  Alive and popular district.
33954	In an old parisian building, appartment in very good shape. recently  renovated with an old wood flooring, marble fireplace and modling. located between Montmartre and the Nineth area, the appartement is just in front of a great supermarket opened till 23:30pm. Lot of bars, restaurants, shops & stores around.	charming parisian appartment with two rooms 30m square at the foot of the hill of Montmartre between Pigalle and Anvers with a view on the impasse of villa Dancourt. Very quiet and luminous. Vintage fournitures. Possibility for one to two persons.  In an old parisian building, appartment in very good shape. recently  renovated with an old wood flooring, marble fireplace and modling. located between Montmartre and the Nineth area, the appartement is just in front of a great supermarket opened till 23:30pm. Lot of bars, restaurants, shops & stores around. The entire apartment is for the guest(s) and can use everything he needs. I leave the apartment to my guests. It's their place. But I'm there if there is any question or any problem. Access really easy between the two metro stations of pigalle (M12, M2) and Anvers (M2). Really close by feet to Place de Clichy, Abbesses, St Georges area, and Barbes Rochechouart. 4min walk from the moulin Rouge.
33955	There is a spacious living room, a large bedroom with a double bed, another bedroom with two beds, a big bathroom, separated toilet, small kitchen and a sunny balcony.  The place is really typical of the flats you can find in Montmartre, and right down the famous Sacré-coeur. Old style wooden floors, ceiling with moldings, carpets everywhere, large bed, 160 cm wide. A large sofa bed, and two single beds. A cosy and comfy parisian atmosphere! 	"A romantic apartment of 70 m2 bright and sunny,  on the 2nd floor with a lift, typically old Paris,right on the"" Butte Montmartre"", near the ""Sacré-Coeur"",  Metro: Anvers, Pigalle and Abbesses, a village in the heart of Paris. There is a spacious living room, a large bedroom with a double bed, another bedroom with two beds, a big bathroom, separated toilet, small kitchen and a sunny balcony.  The place is really typical of the flats you can find in Montmartre, and right down the famous Sacré-coeur. Old style wooden floors, ceiling with moldings, carpets everywhere, large bed, 160 cm wide. A large sofa bed, and two single beds. A cosy and comfy parisian atmosphere!  Full access to the apartment We’ll be very happy to help regarding all practical info or ideas of nice places to go to you might need. Very lively and also practical, with excellent bakeries, specialty food shops, restaurants and coffee shops, bookshops and theaters. A ideal place for a touristic stay as well as a business s"
33956		Quartier vivant, animé, pluri-ethnique. Accès par les lignes du métro 4 ou 12 Arrêt : Marcadet Poissonniers
33957	A Beautiful 2 rooms apartment in the most charming part of Paris: Montmartre, located near the Sacre Coeur Very calm and sunny, typical Parisian (Haussmann) style 1 bed room, 1 living-room, 1 bathroom, WC and equipped kitchen (Nespresso machine) Washing machine, TV, Wi-Fi, DVD, Hi-Fi Sheets and towels provided Perfect for a couple (or with a baby)  Very nice neighbourhood with lots of Café, restaurants and little shops. 4 min walk from metro station Lamarck Caulaincourt and Jules Joffrin - line 12 8 min walk from metro station Marcadet Poissonnière line 4 Cleaning service possible for 20€ 	A Beautiful 2 rooms apartment in the most charming part of Paris: Montmartre, located near the Sacre Coeur Very calm and sunny, typical Parisian (Haussmann) style 1 bed room, 1 living-room, 1 bathroom, WC and equipped kitchen (Nespresso machine) Washing machine, TV, Wi-Fi, DVD, Hi-Fi Sheets and towels provided Perfect for a couple (or with a baby)  Very nice neighbourhood with lots of Café, restaurants and little shops. 4 min walk from metro station Lamarck Caulaincourt and Jules Joffrin - line 12 8 min walk from metro station Marcadet Poissonnière line 4 Cleaning service possible for 20€ You are at home! Ask us for any questions. 5mn by walk you will find the Sacré-Coeur and the place des Tertres. A lot of littles shops (bakery, fruits&vegetables, cheese, bucher...) Typicals parisians coffees Métro Ligne 12: Jules Joffrin  Métro Ligne 4: Marcadet-Poissoniers Bus 80: Direct line to Champs-Elysées, Champs de mars, Eiffel Tower. Great view accross the Seine
33958	Small price for a small room but good price for a place in a touristic area! It is in a authentic Montmartrois edifice with its courtyard but offer everything within 2 minutes: tubes, bars, pubs, cafes , boulangeries, very good restaurants choosen inside my room!	Tha appartement itself is very tiny but has everything you need for a short stay. Full kitchen ,the quality of a real bed for 2 people,an adorable sunny balcony with its flowers at 1rst floor. Small price for a small room but good price for a place in a touristic area! It is in a authentic Montmartrois edifice with its courtyard but offer everything within 2 minutes: tubes, bars, pubs, cafes , boulangeries, very good restaurants choosen inside my room! My place is really between 2 tubes: PIGALLE or ABBESSES I greet my guests giving them the key and some good tips!
33959	The small but so charming appartement is just next to Montmartre. The modern,very cosy appartement has a lot of light with its 3 windows. It is completely  rennovated and has a big bed in a mezzanine.  There is a possibility to sleep for a third person on the sofa. The kitchen and the bathroom are fully equiped. Washing machine available. In the street you can find typical Frenchbars , restaurants, french markets,food shops and everything you need. But as it is in a courtit is completely quiet. Montmartre is in a 10 minute walking distance! Come and feel like a  Parisian next to Montmartre! Take the metro and in 30minutes you are on the 2 airports (Orly, Charles de Gaulle) and in 10 minutes you are at the northern train station (Gare de Nord)	The small but so charming appartement is just next to Montmartre. The modern,very cosy appartement has a lot of light with its 3 windows. It is completely  rennovated and has a big bed in a mezzanine.  There is a possibility to sleep for a third person on the sofa. The kitchen and the bathroom are fully equiped. Washing machine available. In the street you can find typical Frenchbars , restaurants, french markets,food shops and everything you need. But as it is in a courtit is completely quiet. Montmartre is in a 10 minute walking distance! Come and feel like a  Parisian next to Montmartre! Take the metro and in 30minutes you are on the 2 airports (Orly, Charles de Gaulle) and in 10 minutes you are at the northern train station (Gare de Nord)
33960	A charming 2 bedroom flat, 45m2, set at the foot of the Sacre Coeur, in the heart of Montmartre. This will offer you peace and tranquility in one of the most unusual area of central Paris. Close to several international restaurants, local shops and bars, surrounded by several underground lines, its location is ideal to discover Paris and its many charms for a week-end or more. -It is a short walk from several subway station :                                                                                      - Metro ANVERS  ( line 2)                                                                                     - Metro ABESSES ( line 12)                                                                                     - Metro CHATEAU ROUGE (line 4) -There are also many Velib stations. -The appartement is close to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Saint Lazare train stations and is easily accessible from Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports by taxi, train or shuttle. -It has ev	(website hidden) A charming 2 bedroom flat, 45m2, set at the foot of the Sacre Coeur, in the heart of Montmartre. This will offer you peace and tranquility in one of the most unusual area of central Paris. Close to several international restaurants, local shops and bars, surrounded by several underground lines, its location is ideal to discover Paris and its many charms for a week-end or more. -It is a short walk from several subway station :                                                                                      - Metro ANVERS  ( line 2)                                                                                     - Metro ABESSES ( line 12)                                                                                     - Metro CHATEAU ROUGE (line 4) -There are also many Velib stations. -The appartement is close to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Saint Lazare train stations and is easily accessible from Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports by taxi, train or sh
33961		A very cosy flat for 2 with an amazing view on the Sacré Coeur. In the lovely Montmartre neigborood. A 27m2 studio at the 6th floor without lift. Perfect for a long weekend or a week in Paris. 
33962	The apartment is 67m2 , parquet , high ceiling, very bright with large windows overlooking on a courtyard in every room , large living room , fireplaces, renovated. Furnished with Wifi , TV, washing machine and kitchen. 3 Supermarkets open until 21h on Sundays , and two metro stations in 3min walk !!!!	The apartment is 67m2 , parquet, high ceilings , very bright, large courtyard fenètres in every room , large living room , fireplaces, renovated. Furnished, with Internet, TV, washing machine and kitchen. 3 Supermarkets , 2 metro 3min The apartment is 67m2 , parquet , high ceiling, very bright with large windows overlooking on a courtyard in every room , large living room , fireplaces, renovated. Furnished with Wifi , TV, washing machine and kitchen. 3 Supermarkets open until 21h on Sundays , and two metro stations in 3min walk !!!! All I could give you the top addresses to visit in Paris , I am a boss of every good plans! Popular and lively neighborhood. Very close to all areas that moves the night with good traditional Parisian address. (Montmartre, Pigalle, Canal St Martin, Parc Buttes Chaumont, etc...) Subway is at 3min by walk: La Chapelle ligne 2,  Marx Dormoy ligne 12, Gare du Nord for the RER B...  Pigalle et Montmartre at 10min, Chatelet at 15min, Bastille and Champs Elysées a
33963		We´re rented a private room in our 45mª apartment, located near Montmartre (15mn walking from Sacré-Coeur). Your room is 12mª, with a double bed, a desk and a wardrobe. Bed sheets and towels are provided. Bathroom, kitchen and lounge shared with us. Well connected (Subway : 4 / 12, Bus)
33964	La vue sur le sacré coeur est spectaculaire le soir et l'appartement spacieux. The view on the Sacré Coeur is spectacular, especially when the night falls. The appartment is really large which is quite rare in Paris.	"La vue sur le sacré coeur est spectaculaire le soir et l'appartement spacieux. The view on the Sacré Coeur is spectacular, especially when the night falls. The appartment is really large which is quite rare in Paris. La ligne 4 du métro est au pied de l'immeuble, elle dessert directement Châtelet et St Germain des Prés. The subway entrance is just right in front the  building. It is really convenient! You can catch in less than 2 minutes the ""line 4"" of the subway which goes straight to ""Châtelet"", or ""St Germain des Prés"", or ""Ile de la cité""... Montmartre is at 15 minutes walk from the appartment. Notre chambre est à l'autre bout de l'appartement et nous ne nous gênerons pas. Mais nous sommes là pour vous accueillir et, si vous le souhaitez, vous faire découvrir le Paris que nous aimons. :) Our room is on the opposite side of the appartment so we won't bother each other ;) However, we would naturally be delighted to give you the best tips to discover the Paris we love. "
33965	The flat is 50 square metres large and is perfect for a couple or 3 people. It consists of a double bedroom, a living room, a workshop, a kitchen and a bathroom.  In the living room, you'll find a couch and coffee table, flat screen TV, and in the workshop there's a table to work.  Wifi is included. The kitchen is equipped with induction plates, an oven, a coffee machine and a washing machine. This flat has a private staircase with two door codes and a magnetic pass.	"Artist studio, quiet three-bedroom renovated this year. Can accommodate three people. 150m from the Pigalle Metro, 250m to shops and picturesque markets of Paris. At the heart of the famous district of the Moulin Rouge and Montmartre. The flat is 50 square metres large and is perfect for a couple or 3 people. It consists of a double bedroom, a living room, a workshop, a kitchen and a bathroom.  In the living room, you'll find a couch and coffee table, flat screen TV, and in the workshop there's a table to work.  Wifi is included. The kitchen is equipped with induction plates, an oven, a coffee machine and a washing machine. This flat has a private staircase with two door codes and a magnetic pass. A few steps away, the highest hill of Paris: Montmartre, one of the icons of Paris. You'll love typical French restaurants and other delicacies cooked by local kitchens.  Surrounded by many shops, markets and picturesque boutiques, you'll love to take a walk at ""place des abesses"" and the ""Ru"
33966	comfy and intimacy you could relaxing and having your time in a spacious room or chilling into the living room	comfy and intimacy you could relaxing and having your time in a spacious room or chilling into the living room subway : line 2 and 4 and close to gare du nord - line 5 popular, closed to Montmartre, you can see it from the street closed to Haussman shopping center /mall center of paris near bastille and république subway, train, bus
33967	Welcome in this beautiful and sunny flat (75 sq meters and 6 large windows) at the foot of Montmartre hill, 5 mn walking from Sacré Coeur Church. We have 2 bedrooms: in the parent's bedroom there is one bed for 2 people and 1 baby bed in the kid bedroom. Regarding the other sleeping commodities we have one sofa (1 person) in the living room and  2 additonnal single mattresses if needed. The kitchen is bright and big enough to have lunch in it. It is fully equiped (oven, hot plates, washing machine, dish washer, toaster, kettle, coffee machine, iron). 1 living room, with TV, DVD, internet WIFI in the whole flat.  1 bathroom with bath and toilets.  4th floor (no elevator).	Welcome in our beautiful and big flat, 5 MN walk from Montmartre...  2 big bedrooms, a big kitchen and a nice & sunny living room with a nice view above the trees and on the roof of Paris. Bathroom with a bath tube. Welcome in this beautiful and sunny flat (75 sq meters and 6 large windows) at the foot of Montmartre hill, 5 mn walking from Sacré Coeur Church. We have 2 bedrooms: in the parent's bedroom there is one bed for 2 people and 1 baby bed in the kid bedroom. Regarding the other sleeping commodities we have one sofa (1 person) in the living room and  2 additonnal single mattresses if needed. The kitchen is bright and big enough to have lunch in it. It is fully equiped (oven, hot plates, washing machine, dish washer, toaster, kettle, coffee machine, iron). 1 living room, with TV, DVD, internet WIFI in the whole flat.  1 bathroom with bath and toilets.  4th floor (no elevator). The neighborhood is very nice and lively. You will find lots of nice restaurants, cafés and stores (bake
33968	"Montmartre (Sacre Coeur) B&B with double bed, separate bathroom in a beautiful modern loft (135m2) on 3 levels (5th and 6th floors + mezzanine) with elevator. The loft is very well situated : close to Montmartre and Moulin Rouge !! The place is calm and bright thanks to it double exposure (southwest-northeast). If weather is good, you can enjoy the large 25m2 terrace on the top floor.  Two minutes from ""Lamarck  Caulaincourt"" metro station on line 12. For those coming by eurostar, be aware that it will take only 15 minutes from Gare du Nord train station Eurostar and RER). TV, stereo, wireless internet and a piano. Everything for a great stay in Paris. 4h/week of house keeping included. Sheets and towels included too. We want to welcome people who will take good care of their room and respect the neighbors.  Check-in & check-out to be organized upon reservation. Please, don't hesitate to send us an email for further information. We really want to help you enjoy  journey in (website hid"	"Montmartre (Sacre Coeur) B&B with double bed, separate bathroom in a beautiful modern loft (135m2) on 3 levels (5th and 6th floors + mezzanine) with elevator. The loft is very well situated : close to Montmartre and Moulin Rouge !! The place is calm and bright thanks to it double exposure (southwest-northeast). If weather is good, you can enjoy the large 25m2 terrace on the top floor.  Two minutes from ""Lamarck  Caulaincourt"" metro station on line 12. For those coming by eurostar, be aware that it will take only 15 minutes from Gare du Nord train station Eurostar and RER). TV, stereo, wireless internet and a piano. Everything for a great stay in Paris. 4h/week of house keeping included. Sheets and towels included too. We want to welcome people who will take good care of their room and respect the neighbors.  Check-in & check-out to be organized upon reservation. Please, don't hesitate to send us an email for further information. We really want to help you enjoy  journey in (website hid"
33969	It is looking south, so very sunny, in the most quiet street in the area. It's very convinient appartement with everything you need in the kitchen and bathroom. You will like the view on the Michel Petrucciani Square. We live a few blocks from there and will be able to help you during your trip if you want. 	A nice and calm appartment, where you feel safe in a nice area with a lot of restaurants and shops to discover, and at a close walking distance from Montmartre. You will like the renovated place and well furnished with a sofa bed in the living room! It is looking south, so very sunny, in the most quiet street in the area. It's very convinient appartement with everything you need in the kitchen and bathroom. You will like the view on the Michel Petrucciani Square. We live a few blocks from there and will be able to help you during your trip if you want.  Nice area with a lot a shops, a very good bakery, supermarkets, and restaurants.  There are a lot of buses, and two metro lines around that can take you anywhere in Paris 3 minuts walking (lines 4 and 12) 
33970		I am 32 years, I am Parisian since 10 years to Montmartre. I love this area and I love to discover it. I will be glad to welcome you ! Bienvenue à Paris et à bientôt :)
33971	Vous aurez votre propre chambre et toutes les commodités pour ranger vos affaires. L'appartement est très pratique et vous permet d'accéder librement à la salle de bains (des serviettes propres sont à votre disposition) et la cuisine où vous pouvez vous servir de tout.  Nous partageons également notre accès Wifi.	A 5 min du Sacré-Coeur, jolie chambre avec lit 2 places, donnant sur une cour intérieure calme. Vous profiterez du salon, de la sdb, de la cuisine. Accès WI-FI. Le tout situé dans un quartier touristique et animé. Check in & out flexible. A bientôt!! Vous aurez votre propre chambre et toutes les commodités pour ranger vos affaires. L'appartement est très pratique et vous permet d'accéder librement à la salle de bains (des serviettes propres sont à votre disposition) et la cuisine où vous pouvez vous servir de tout.  Nous partageons également notre accès Wifi. Accès à toutes les commodités: cuisine, lave-linge, wi-fi, nombreux rangements dans la chambre... Nous aimons notre quartier et notre ville : c'est avec un grand plaisir que nous vous les ferons partager selon notre disponibilité ! Notre appartement est situé au pied de la butte Montmartre, à 5 minutes du Sacré-Coeur. Un grand nombre de boutiques, de petits restos bon marché et de supermarchés à bas prix dans le quartier. Deux mar
33972	"Nice and bright studio : open kitchen, TV, wi-fi, sofa/bed, shower, micro-waves, and all linen needed. The building is well located in a very creative area surrounded by a lot of small designer shops, multicultural gastronomic restaurants and bars. You also might want to cook some dishes : many famous fresh markets are taking place every thursday and sunday. It is central enough for you to walk your way around a lot of Paris areas if you feel like, but if you don't, there are three metro lines you can take from there (2 and 12) and lots of buses.  You can also ride a ""velib"" which is a rental bike system you can access from all around the city (less than 1 minute from the apartment). FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE : if you wish to, you can have your own private driver during your stay (TRAVEL TOURS...) Feel free to contact me for booking Feel free to ask for more informations. I'd be thrilled to tell you more about what I love in Paris when I see you ! Vélib, autolib, métro, bornes de taxi"	"Authentic Paris. Located in the famous street ""Rue Lepic"", enjoy the charms of one of the most beautiful places of Paris. Just a step away from the Sacré Coeur, just above the Moulin Rouge, you will love the calm of a charming flat. Enjoy ! Nice and bright studio : open kitchen, TV, wi-fi, sofa/bed, shower, micro-waves, and all linen needed. The building is well located in a very creative area surrounded by a lot of small designer shops, multicultural gastronomic restaurants and bars. You also might want to cook some dishes : many famous fresh markets are taking place every thursday and sunday. It is central enough for you to walk your way around a lot of Paris areas if you feel like, but if you don't, there are three metro lines you can take from there (2 and 12) and lots of buses.  You can also ride a ""velib"" which is a rental bike system you can access from all around the city (less than 1 minute from the apartment). FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE : if you wish to, you can have your own priva"
33973		Deux pièces au coeur de Montmartre pour 4 pers proche Sacré Coeur de Paris.Tout a disponibilité : sèche cheveux, t.v, enceintes, internet wifi, imprimante, savon, serviettes... Métro 2, 12, 13, proche champs elysées, pigalle, galeries lafayette,opera
33974	The apartment is on the fourth floor and gives onto a well lit and calm courtyard. It comprises:  - a spacious living room with a convertible sofa bed and an alcove with a futon for two people.  - a children's room with a bunkbed for up to three children. There are numerous children books and games available. - A kitchen with refrigerator,dishwasher, electric oven, washing machine and dryer . There is a small kitchenette for meals (four people). - a small bathroom with Italian shower, sink, and toilet.	Charming three room apartment, ideal for a couple or a family with young children visiting Paris (52m2). The apartment is on the fourth floor and gives onto a well lit and calm courtyard. It comprises:  - a spacious living room with a convertible sofa bed and an alcove with a futon for two people.  - a children's room with a bunkbed for up to three children. There are numerous children books and games available. - A kitchen with refrigerator,dishwasher, electric oven, washing machine and dryer . There is a small kitchenette for meals (four people). - a small bathroom with Italian shower, sink, and toilet. Please do not hesitate to contact us for any information request, we will be pleased to respond, Adrienne and Willy. The apartment is quite near Montmartre: The Sacré-cœur is a ten minute walk away.  It is located at the heart of the Goutte d'Or which is a popular and cosmopolitain quarter. You will discover there restaurants, cafes, a hammam, and the Olive market. The apartment is ne
33975	Charmant 2 pièces très lumineux et calme, idéalement situé dans un immeuble au pied du Sacré Cœur, il bénéficie d’une desserte en transport en commun optimale pour accéder à tous les lieux « incontournables » de Paris.  L’appartement est composé d’une entrée, d’un salon, d’une chambre avec un grand lit deux places, une cuisine et une salle de bains séparées.  Situé en plein cœur de Montmartre, l’appartement a tout du charme et du romantisme des appartements Parisiens avec son parquet ancien, ses moulures, et une vue donnant sur un superbe jardin arboré et fleuri.  L’appartement est entièrement équipé :  Four micro-onde, bouilloire, cafetière, plaques de cuissons, grille pain, petit électroménager, vaisselle, lave-linge, aspirateur, sèche-cheveux.  Télévision, connexion internet (fibre). Draps, serviettes de bain fournis.  	A cosy and romant flat for 2 in the very heart . In the lovely Montmartre neighborood close to the Moulin Rouge and the Sacré Coeur. In front of the Anvers station. Very bright flat with 4 windows and sweet interior decoration.
33976	Le studio est situé au coeur de Montmartre, au pied des jardins du Sacré Coeur. Il a été rénové en novembre 2014. Il mesure 14m2 et il se compose d’une pièce lumineuse, d’une kitchenette équipée et d’une petite salle d'eau avec wc. Il y a une table pour déjeuner, deux commodes pour le rangement. Ce petit studio est confortable et chaleureux, idéal pour une seule personne ou un couple. Le couchage est un canapé-lit deux places confortable. La kitchenette comprend un four micro-ondes, 2 plaques chauffantes, un réfrigérateur, une bouilloire, une cafetière italienne ainsi que les fournitures pour cuisiner (casseroles, vaisselle, torchons...). Les draps et serviettes sont inclus dans la location.  A votre disposition:  connexion haut-débit wifi, tv cablée, sèche-cheveux, parapluie, aspirateur, chauffage électrique. Guides parisiens, livres, dvd à disposition dans le studio. L'appartement est au premier étage. Fenêtres double vitrage et porte sécurisée. Lavomatiques très proches.	A montmartre au pied des jardins du Sacré Coeur, un petit studio refait à neuf. Le quartier est très gai et animé, une ambiance de village. Cafés, restaurants, salles de concerts très proches. Métro et bus à 2mn pour découvrir Paris. Le studio est situé au coeur de Montmartre, au pied des jardins du Sacré Coeur. Il a été rénové en novembre 2014. Il mesure 14m2 et il se compose d’une pièce lumineuse, d’une kitchenette équipée et d’une petite salle d'eau avec wc. Il y a une table pour déjeuner, deux commodes pour le rangement. Ce petit studio est confortable et chaleureux, idéal pour une seule personne ou un couple. Le couchage est un canapé-lit deux places confortable. La kitchenette comprend un four micro-ondes, 2 plaques chauffantes, un réfrigérateur, une bouilloire, une cafetière italienne ainsi que les fournitures pour cuisiner (casseroles, vaisselle, torchons...). Les draps et serviettes sont inclus dans la location.  A votre disposition:  connexion haut-débit wifi, tv cablée, sèch
33977	small studio but large shower	    Little Stutio furnished whit sheet, little kitchen, coffee machin, separed bathroom with italian shower and toilet. Located near metro Abesse and Pigalle.  Ready to welcome you!    small studio but large shower I can give you tips and hang out with you for a drink at night after my work. I like meeting people from all over the world The neighborhood is very quiet and if you walk a fews stepds, you are in the heart of montmartre 2 metro station a less than 5 minutes walking
33978	This flat as a big living room openned on a confortable kitchen. There is 2 bathroom, one with a shower and another one with a bath. Both have toilets. The 2 rooms are on the back side of the building and are very calm. One is parent room, the other a child room (with nice colors on the walls!). Both have large dressings. 	This nice appartment just under the roofs of Paris with an incredible view on Montmatre would suite any family or friends vacations. You will find anything you need for your confort inside the flat and all around (close to transports, good equipment) This flat as a big living room openned on a confortable kitchen. There is 2 bathroom, one with a shower and another one with a bath. Both have toilets. The 2 rooms are on the back side of the building and are very calm. One is parent room, the other a child room (with nice colors on the walls!). Both have large dressings. Guests will have access to all the machines and furnitures inside the flat. Only one room will be closed but you'll have free acces to the rest. I will do the check in or the check out only. Someone could ask any question and be present in case of problem.  The flat is near Montmarte and you could admire it from the windows, an amazing view! The neighborhood is calm, no noises at night. You are close to 2 metro lines that
33979	Enjoy the real taste of  Paris : I love my apartment and my friends and guests say they love it too.  Come visit ! It is located in a calm flowered courtyard, no opposing view and has all conveniences.  It comprises a comfortable bedroom  with double bed in a very light, quiet, spacious, 70m2 rooftop apartment (no lift unfortunately but it keeps you fit!).  Windows are everywhere and the sun come flowing in every room (though I am not responsible for the sun!)  It has TV and Internet access. You will also find a charming food market nearby: you will love getting your cheese, wine, bread or fresh vegetables there and if you feel like cooking you will have access to my very convenient kitchen. You also have all kind of cuisines around (and I'll be happy to provide you with names of restaurants and places I like in different areas).  This place is my home and I trust that you will respect it. I don't cook breakfast but you can help yourself with tea, coffee, butter, jam, etc and of course	Enjoy the real taste of  Paris : I love my apartment and my friends and guests say they love it too.  Come visit ! It is located in a calm flowered courtyard, no opposing view and has all conveniences.  It comprises a comfortable bedroom  with double bed in a very light, quiet, spacious, 70m2 rooftop apartment (no lift unfortunately but it keeps you fit!).  Windows are everywhere and the sun come flowing in every room (though I am not responsible for the sun!)  It has TV and Internet access. You will also find a charming food market nearby: you will love getting your cheese, wine, bread or fresh vegetables there and if you feel like cooking you will have access to my very convenient kitchen. You also have all kind of cuisines around (and I'll be happy to provide you with names of restaurants and places I like in different areas).  This place is my home and I trust that you will respect it. I don't cook breakfast but you can help yourself with tea, coffee, butter, jam, etc and of course
33980	Room for rent. King-Size bed with clean sheets supplied. Flat with living room, kitchen (microwave, stove, laundry machine), bathroom (with bathtub!), TV, ADSL  at the foot of Montmartre. Great view on the Sacré-Coeur!  My flat-mate is staying at the appartment as well, so he can he assist you in settling in. The flat is convientley located near two subway lines ( Stations Jules Joffrin & Simplon) with a lot of shopping & restaurants.	Room for rent in a shared flat w/ 1 other person: -King-sized bed -Near metro stations Simplon or Jules Joffrin -Living Room w/ TV & Wi-Fi -Equiped Kitchen -Washing machine -Bathroom w/ bath -Secured residence w/ digital code Room for rent. King-Size bed with clean sheets supplied. Flat with living room, kitchen (microwave, stove, laundry machine), bathroom (with bathtub!), TV, ADSL  at the foot of Montmartre. Great view on the Sacré-Coeur!  My flat-mate is staying at the appartment as well, so he can he assist you in settling in. The flat is convientley located near two subway lines ( Stations Jules Joffrin & Simplon) with a lot of shopping & restaurants. The flat is shared with another person who sometimes works from home, this is convenient for any questions, translations and general help you require during your stay.  Lots of convenient transport lines nearby (métro, bus, tram, train)
33981	"Chambre d'un appartement proche de Montmartre, dans un immeuble Haussmannien, au charme du passé,(avec moulures , parquet, cheminée) agrémenté d'un balcon ainsi qu'un petit ascenseur. Cette pièce, au décor d'artiste, peut accueillir 2 voyageurs, avec un canapé-lit (2 places), table d'appoint, bureau...  Les pièces en commun sont : l'entrée, la cuisine équipée  (feux gaz, four électrique, frigo, lave-linge...) et la salle de bains (douche, lavabo, WC, étagères). Toutes les pièces sont séparées et fermées par une porte (sauf cuisine). Les autres pièces sont privées (chambres de l'hôte à côté).  Le linge de maison est fourni (draps, serviettes de bains, torchons, fer à repasser, sèche-cheveux...) Il est possible de se faire le petit déjeuner : cafetière électrique, théière et vaisselle sont à disposition . Cet appartement est situé dans un quartier très animé et commerçant : marchés, artisans, supermarchés, boutiques, cafés, restaurants, brasseries, typiques du ""vieux Paris""... C'est à 20"	"Chambre d'un appartement proche de Montmartre, dans un immeuble Haussmannien, au charme du passé,(avec moulures , parquet, cheminée) agrémenté d'un balcon ainsi qu'un petit ascenseur. Cette pièce, au décor d'artiste, peut accueillir 2 voyageurs, avec un canapé-lit (2 places), table d'appoint, bureau...  Les pièces en commun sont : l'entrée, la cuisine équipée  (feux gaz, four électrique, frigo, lave-linge...) et la salle de bains (douche, lavabo, WC, étagères). Toutes les pièces sont séparées et fermées par une porte (sauf cuisine). Les autres pièces sont privées (chambres de l'hôte à côté).  Le linge de maison est fourni (draps, serviettes de bains, torchons, fer à repasser, sèche-cheveux...) Il est possible de se faire le petit déjeuner : cafetière électrique, théière et vaisselle sont à disposition . Cet appartement est situé dans un quartier très animé et commerçant : marchés, artisans, supermarchés, boutiques, cafés, restaurants, brasseries, typiques du ""vieux Paris""... C'est à 20"
33982	Bonjour, Je fais partie d'une collocation de trois personnes : Charles 25 ans, musicien; Stephane 26 ans, opticien/optométriste; et moi-même Alexis 24 ans, assistant réalisateur. Notre appartement fait 80m2 et possède toutes les commodités. Mes colocataires sont sympathiques et bien accueillant, vous vous sentirez rapidement chez nous, comme chez vous !	"La chambre que je mets à disposition est d'une surface de 18m². Elle comprend un lit double, un bureau, un canapé. L'exposition est plein ouest, la lumière parcours donc la pièce toute l’après-midi et vous permet de ne pas être réveillé aux aurores. Bonjour, Je fais partie d'une collocation de trois personnes : Charles 25 ans, musicien; Stephane 26 ans, opticien/optométriste; et moi-même Alexis 24 ans, assistant réalisateur. Notre appartement fait 80m2 et possède toutes les commodités. Mes colocataires sont sympathiques et bien accueillant, vous vous sentirez rapidement chez nous, comme chez vous ! Métro ligne 12 arrêt ""porte de la chapelle"" Depuis l’aéroport Charles de Gaulle: RER B jusqu’à gare du nord, puis bus 65 ou 302 jusqu'a ""porte de la chapelle"" Depuis l'aéroport Orly: Orlybus jusqu'a ""Montparnasse"" puis ligne 12 jusqu'a ""porte de la chapelle"" Depuis Gare de Lyon, Gare du Nord, Gare de L'Est: Bus 65 direct 9 lignes de bus, 2 de nuits. 1 ligne de métro: la 12. 1 tramway: le T3B"
33983		Room in 55m2 apartment located 15 minutes walk from Montmartre and 2 minutes from the metro (line 4 and line 12). Ideal for visiting Paris or for a stop. The flat will be shared (unless the room is up to you - note that the bathroom is after the room, so I must be able to access time). You can use the kitchen to prepare food if you wish. It is equipped with hob, oven, fridge and dishwasher. You can also use the common room to eat and come chat with me! This apartment is equipped with high speed internet (wifi). I love meeting new people and if you come to me, it can be an opportunity to meet, discuss, drink, possibly lunch or dinner together and if I have time to visit a little Paris together. I love when people come to me feel a bit like home, be comfortable. The apartment is well located. It is a multicultural and close to lots of places through different subway lines neighborhood. In 15 minutes, you can go for a walk to Montmartre and enjoy the splendid view over the roofs of Paris 
33984	Appartement qui présente tout le confort nécessaire, bien agencé, spacieux et agréable à vivre ! Cuisine équipee, wc séparés, canapé-lit dans le salon.	Appartement très clair (2è étage). Au calme, à 15mins à pieds de Montmartre. Possibilité de louer une seule chambre et non le logement entier pour des tarifs inférieurs. Appartement qui présente tout le confort nécessaire, bien agencé, spacieux et agréable à vivre ! Cuisine équipee, wc séparés, canapé-lit dans le salon. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement, hormis une des trois chambres. Je serais disponibe à tout moment et pour toute question ! Quartier vivant mais calme et sûr. Marché 3 fois par semaine. Situé entre les stations Simplon et Marcadet - Poissoniers (5mins à pieds pour se rendre a l'une ou l'autre). Parking payant dans la rue.
33985	"Charming 2-Room apartment (31m2) with a private courtyard of 37m2, ideally located in the very artistic 18th district of Paris.  5 min walk from Montmartre. Metro: Jules Joffrin (M12) Delicious french bakeries and ""brasseries"" by  The large private courtyard will give you the sensation of living in a house, which is very pleasant. "	"Charming 2-Room apartment (31m2) with a private courtyard of 37m2, ideally located in the very artistic 18th district of Paris.  5 min walk from Montmartre. Metro: Jules Joffrin (M12) Delicious french bakeries and ""brasseries"" by the apartment! Charming 2-Room apartment (31m2) with a private courtyard of 37m2, ideally located in the very artistic 18th district of Paris.  5 min walk from Montmartre. Metro: Jules Joffrin (M12) Delicious french bakeries and ""brasseries"" by  The large private courtyard will give you the sensation of living in a house, which is very pleasant.  WIFI, TV, Washer and drying machine, iron, printer We will do our best for you to have a perfect stay at our place!  The 18th district is one of the most artistic district in Paris. It will give you the ""boheme"" lifestyle. It's also a very quiet and peaceful neigborhood where you will find plenty of excellents ""brasseries"", restaurants and shops.  There are lots of way to access to the apartment: metro n°12 et 4, bus "
33986	Particulier loue appartement 2 pièces 40m2 au pied du métro Marcadet-Poissonniers (ligne 4 et 12 du métro). Très bon état et confortable. Proche Montmartre, quartier animé et commerçant. 3eme étage, double exposition et bien équipé. Capacité 4 personnes (1 lit double + 1 canapé lit)	capacité d'accueil 4 personnes Particulier loue appartement 2 pièces 40m2 au pied du métro Marcadet-Poissonniers (ligne 4 et 12 du métro). Très bon état et confortable. Proche Montmartre, quartier animé et commerçant. 3eme étage, double exposition et bien équipé. Capacité 4 personnes (1 lit double + 1 canapé lit) Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement, comme s'il était le leur. Je prévois une sélection de bars, restaurants et commerces utiles à proximité de l'appartement pour faciliter le séjour des hôtes. Quartier cosmopolite, vivant et très safe. Le brassage des différentes communautés transparait dans les commerces, les restaurants et dans la rue, et cela apporte une identité riche et propre à ce quartier de Paris. La proximité à pied (13 min) avec Montmartre est appréciable. Appartement très pratique en termes de transports (ligne 4, 12, RER, SNCF et bus)
33987	U feel like in a village	Charming flat to rent in a lovely historical district of Montmartre/ Moulin-Rouge, lively neighbourhood, plenty of pubs, restaurants and shops.   Set on the courtyard side of the building, it is very quiet and sunny on the 3drfloor.  U feel like in a village
33988		Bonjour Je mets en location mon appartement cet été. Ceci dès la mi juin. Idéal pour un couple ou une famille de.  Métro bus commerces poste... à proximité.
33989		Studio 25m2, south facing view on a square. Located 1min from Metro Porte de Clignancourt and 5 minutes of Jules Joffrin. Ideal for two people, a 3d person is possible. Fully equipped Kitchen. Confort. The guests will have access to the entire studio. I will not be present during your stay. The key exchange is done through an intermediary I love the multicultural neighborhood, the diversity of shops, be near Montmartre, the square down the house, be close to public transport, ... Metro: Porte de Clignancourt / Jules Joffrin Bus: (phone number hidden), PC3, N14
33990	very good location with a lots of shops  5 minutes from the Sacré Coeur ,  Le Moulin Rouge, Le bâteau Lavoir...	Very cosy flat at the heart  of Montmartre. 5 minutes walking from  Moulin rouge and Sacré Coeur. Surrounded by many shops . Transportation  around and on Sunday nice village market and open shops. Comfortable flat for a loving stay . very good location with a lots of shops  5 minutes from the Sacré Coeur ,  Le Moulin Rouge, Le bâteau Lavoir... Thery can call me of any need i ll be helpfull On Sundays  there is no car and there is a very nice market RER is very easy , metro stationis gare du nord and after the metro takes you to pigalle.
33991	Ideal for one or two people, the house has a fully equipped kitchen: fridge, microwave, electric hotplates, kettle, toaster, sink, crockery, and basic food supplies (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil, tea, etc.).  Upstairs on the Mezzanine is the large double bed and Velux window. Under the Mezzanine stairs is a cosy reading space with sofa, record turntable and Hi-Fi.  The folding dining table and chairs will allow you to comfortably enjoy your meals if you're eating in. Off the main room is the separate toilet and shower room.	Small but perfectly formed house in the beating heart of Montmartre. Secluded, with it's own front door and accessed through a private courtyard, this house is unique! Seconds from Abbesses metro, minutes from the Sacré Coeur. Eat, drink and explore! Ideal for one or two people, the house has a fully equipped kitchen: fridge, microwave, electric hotplates, kettle, toaster, sink, crockery, and basic food supplies (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil, tea, etc.).  Upstairs on the Mezzanine is the large double bed and Velux window. Under the Mezzanine stairs is a cosy reading space with sofa, record turntable and Hi-Fi.  The folding dining table and chairs will allow you to comfortably enjoy your meals if you're eating in. Off the main room is the separate toilet and shower room. The house is solely used as a holiday let these days, you are encouraged to make yourself entirely at home during your stay. Guests have access to everything they see. I lived in the house for ten wonderful years, now
33992	Lovely appartment located in the center of Montmartre between rue Lepic et rue des Abbesses. Facing a calm courtyard on the 1st floor, this stylish and large studio is located in the heart of Montmartre, rue Veron, within a 2-minute walk to the metro station Abbesses and close to the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. You will appreciate the contemporary atmosphere with stylish designer's furniture and objects that bring a unique touch to this flat. Full Equipped Appartment Always available for any questions Montmartre, my favorite place in Paris: there’s a reason why Montmartre is always bustling. This iconic hilltop neighborhood’s striped awnings, cobblestone streets, and lively plazas rest at the foot of its pilgrimage-worthy basilica, Sacre Coeur. The neighborhood’s sacred structure and artisanal shops encourage frequent foot traffic, but Montmartre's ceaseless activity invites more than pleasure strollers along its cinema-worthy streets—entrepreneurial misfits add a picaresque slan	Charming apartment located between the Rue Lepic and Rue des Abbesses. Lovely appartment located in the center of Montmartre between rue Lepic et rue des Abbesses. Facing a calm courtyard on the 1st floor, this stylish and large studio is located in the heart of Montmartre, rue Veron, within a 2-minute walk to the metro station Abbesses and close to the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. You will appreciate the contemporary atmosphere with stylish designer's furniture and objects that bring a unique touch to this flat. Full Equipped Appartment Always available for any questions Montmartre, my favorite place in Paris: there’s a reason why Montmartre is always bustling. This iconic hilltop neighborhood’s striped awnings, cobblestone streets, and lively plazas rest at the foot of its pilgrimage-worthy basilica, Sacre Coeur. The neighborhood’s sacred structure and artisanal shops encourage frequent foot traffic, but Montmartre's ceaseless activity invites more than pleasure strollers along 
33993	This is our actual home, which we're offering for rent while travelling. The whole place has been lovingly renovated by Guillaume and his dad. It has a fully equipped kitchen, an open (!) shower space, separate toilet, and a loft area with a double sized bed. The loft area is accessible by ladder.	Our charming studio with exposed brick walls comfortably hosts two people. Centrally located between Sacré Cœur and Place des Abbesses, it is a quiet oasis in busy Montmartre. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, pretty courtyard and wireless internet! This is our actual home, which we're offering for rent while travelling. The whole place has been lovingly renovated by Guillaume and his dad. It has a fully equipped kitchen, an open (!) shower space, separate toilet, and a loft area with a double sized bed. The loft area is accessible by ladder. You will have the whole apartment to yourself. A table with chairs in the courtyard is used by all the inhabitants of the building. We are renting out our apartment while we ourselves are travelling. This means that we're not around while you're in our place. If possible in any way, though, we will be at our place upon your arrival and welcome you in person. Let's have a cup of tea together - or a glass of wine, why not! Montmartre is a fascinating 
33994		3 pièces, calme, entièrement rénové, cachet architecte, étage élevé, balcon, vue dégagée, bar et cuisine équipée, piano, au dessus du marché de l'olive, ambiance sympa pour découvrir ce quartier insolite, proche tous commerces, métro, RER, bus.
33995		Appartement ancien refait a neuf Situé au cœur de Paris aux Abbesses 18 ème 3 ème étage avec ascenseur - Accès indépendant Une cour privative pour lire, déjeuner ou dîner. Vous serez accueilli personnellement lors de la remise des clés .
33996		Large sunny flat near Montmartre with a 25m running balcony, located just outside the subway station (lines 2&4). All necessary accomadations included (fully equiped kitchen, washing machine, hair dryer, tv, high-speed WIFI and even a Nintendo 64 !).
33997	L'appartement est très agréable, dirigé nord-sud, la chambre est calme	The flat is near Montmartre, you can visit Paris easily from here, by foot or 
33998	Idéal pour un séjour prolongé à Paris pour des raisons professionnelles, stages, etc	A louer pour un mois minimum : charmant deux pièces clair et tranquille, avec salon, chambre, cuisine séparée, salle d'eau et wc séparés, entrée. 4ème étage (sans ascenseur) au pied du métro Porte de Saint Ouen, ligne 13. Draps fournis. Idéal pour un séjour prolongé à Paris pour des raisons professionnelles, stages, etc Une impasse sur l'avenue de Saint-Ouen : un quartier vivant avec de nombreux commerces et restaurants. Situé au pied de la station de métro Porte de Saint Ouen (ligne 13). Arrêt de bus de la ligne 81
33999	Nice East-West 45 m²  walk-trhough flat, on the 5th floor with elevator, with a double living room with two sofas and a hammock, two windows opening onto a 5 m² continuous balcony with a small table for the morning coffee or the evening drinks. The kitchen is open to the living room and is fully equipped. In the sleeping area, the room has a nice view to Montmartre. The bathroom next door has also a view to the Sacré Coeur so you can brush your teeth with a nice view!	"It's an East-West walk-through 45 m² flat. Very bright, this two-room flat has  a sleeping area separate from the ""day area"", which has a 5 m² continuous balcony on the 5th floor, with a pleasant view. Nice East-West 45 m²  walk-trhough flat, on the 5th floor with elevator, with a double living room with two sofas and a hammock, two windows opening onto a 5 m² continuous balcony with a small table for the morning coffee or the evening drinks. The kitchen is open to the living room and is fully equipped. In the sleeping area, the room has a nice view to Montmartre. The bathroom next door has also a view to the Sacré Coeur so you can brush your teeth with a nice view! A 3 min walk from the Marcadet-Poissonnier métro station, lines 4 and 12. Don't hesitate to contact us. Very vibrant and cosmopolitan neighborhood with many shops, cafes, restaurants and bars, a 15 minutes walk will take you to the Sacre Coeur Basilica and 3 metro stations to Gare du Nord. Two metro lines are nearby: line 4"
34000		L'appartement est un 2 pièces, spacieux( 55m2) et lumineux en plein coeur de Montmartre, au deuxième étage d'un bel immeuble Haussmanien. Il se trouve au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Tout confort (cuisine équipée, internet, télé, lave-linge, balcon).
34001	beau logement pour une famille. Beaucoup de commerces en bas de l'immeuble, marché le dimanche matin, le marché aux puces de clignancourt à 100M, montmartre a 15mn. Possibilité d'une place de parking à certaine période (compris dans le prix à demander lors de la réservation)	Nice family appartement.  3 rooms, with a big living very bright Bathromm with shower & bath 
34002	This beautiful apartment in the fabulous neighborhood of Montmartre will surprise you with its brightness and originality. Very warm and unique, it will fill your stay in the heart of the capital ...	This beautiful apartment in the fabulous neighborhood of Montmartre will surprise you with its brightness and originality. Very warm and unique, it will fill your stay in the heart of the capital ... Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. Lamarck - Caulaincourt M12 220 m Jules Joffrin M12 389 m We inform you that we set up a simply contract in order to remind you about the obligations of both parties: names of the tenant and the rente
34003	Charming typical parisian flat.	Quiet and charming two rooms appartement in vibrant Montmartre. . Le Sacré Coeur is 10 min walk and the center of Paris is 15 mn with M4. Loads of bars + restaurants around the corner. Metro station + bus stops, supermarkets + 24/7 down the house … Charming typical parisian flat. Restaurant tips! and other informations if requested.
34004	Lovely appartment in the heart of Montmartre.	"Lovely appartment in the heart of Montmartre. wifi access, private studio, private bathroom, clean towels, kitchen. as you want ! phone, sms or e-mail. French and English spoken. (Ich can also ein bisschen Deutsch sprechen). in the heart of Montmartre. ""Le Moulin Rouge"" is 200 metres far from the studio. many bars, restaurants and cinemas close to the place.  Nevertheless, it is a very quiet place . metro stations : Abbesses, Pigalle or Blanche very easy access. less than one hour (taxi or subway)  from both airports Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly."
34005		Logé au coeur d'une résidence de prestige avec vue sur Paris, cet appartement offre le calme de la campagne. Joliement meublé, il sera le pied à terre idéal pour apprécier la vie de quartier Montmartroise. Le jardin vous permettra d'apprecier la vue.
34006	Accessible depuis l'escalier intérieur de notre maison, le loft est totalement autonome une fois fermée sa porte d'entrée (cuisine américaine + salle de bains avec WC + terrasse).	Au deuxième étage d'une grande maison de ville située dans une impasse piétonnière et arborée au pied de la butte Montmartre. Loft de 33 m² avec salle de bains à l'italienne, grand lit + canapé-lit, cuisine américaine et terrasse de 10m² plein sud. Accessible depuis l'escalier intérieur de notre maison, le loft est totalement autonome une fois fermée sa porte d'entrée (cuisine américaine + salle de bains avec WC + terrasse). La villa des tulipes est un petit village parisien sans équivalent où tout le monde se connaît et s'apprécie. Elle jouxte les Jardins du Ruisseau, jardins partagés sur l'emprise de l'ancienne petite ceinture. métro porte de Clignancourt (ligne 4) à 200 m (3')  et Jules Joffrin (ligne 12) à 700 m (10')
34007	>租一个房间的两个人或一个人 在 巴黎 法国 只 为女人。 房间里 有一个 还是 两个简单的床 在法国的家庭。 这个 公寓很干净也很近的地铁（3个分钟 走） 洗手间 一起用 厨房全 装修 有洗衣机 有上网 环境 太好 也很方便 . 我们也可以说英语 。 也有日本女人跟我们一起住。（她也是我们的 承租人） 	From August 1st to Sept 7th, room full furnished near subway station. Quiet, clean, for woman only. 1 or 2 single bed. Please dfeel free to contact us for more details.
34008	The apartment is bright and airy, it is located on the 2nd floor, with an elevator. It features a large living room, with a sofa bed (for 2 people), a dining space, and a fully equipped kitchen. The bedroom has a double bed, so in total the apartment can accommodate 4 guests. Towels and bed linen are provided, and fast wifi internet is available.	Welcome to Paris! The apartment is bright and airy, it is located on the 2nd floor, with an elevator. It features a large living room, with a sofa bed (for 2 people), a dining space, and a fully equipped kitchen. The bedroom has a double bed, so in total the apartment can accommodate 4 guests. Towels and bed linen are provided, and fast wifi internet is available. I remain available for guests during their stay via sms or email. The neighbourhood is multicultural, and always buzzing with activity. You will find all the shops you need within a couple minutes walk: -supermarket -bakery -pharmacy -cafes and restaurants Nearest metro station is Chateau Rouge, on line 4. You can walk to Montmartre in about 10 mins, and to Gare du Nord in about 15.
34009		Bonjour,  Superbe appartement (3pièces) parisien avec parquet et moulures. Profitez de sa salle de bain spacieuse et moderne et de sa cuisine équipée. A 2 pas, des bars branchés et une cave à vin afin de vivre l'aventure parisienne jusqu'au bout.
34010	Cuisine: Ouverte sur le salon avec un petit coin bar, elle est entièrement équipée de 4 plaques de cuisson au gaz et électrique, cafetière classique, grille-pain, bouilloire, réfrigérateur, congélateur séparé, robot/batteur, lave-linge et tout le nécessaire à cuisine. Salon: Lumineux, le salon est chaleureux grâce à son canapé d'angle et sa cheminée. Vous pouvez y organiser des dîners sur sa grande table vous permettant de recevoir jusqu’à 12 personnes ! L’appartement est également équipé d’Internet en WIFI, d’une chaine HIFI et d'un piano !! Chambre:  La chambre est composée d’un lit 180x200cm, d’une table de chevet, de nombreux rangement dont une large penderie. Salle de bain: Spacieuse, la salle de bain est équipée d’une baignoire, d’une vasque avec miroir et d’un toilette. 	Montmartre et  ses petites rues pavées vous plongent dans une atmosphère de village, ses petites terrasses qui envahissent les « places du village », ses squares verdoyant… Ici, le temps et le stress semblent s’être arrêtés. Cuisine: Ouverte sur le salon avec un petit coin bar, elle est entièrement équipée de 4 plaques de cuisson au gaz et électrique, cafetière classique, grille-pain, bouilloire, réfrigérateur, congélateur séparé, robot/batteur, lave-linge et tout le nécessaire à cuisine. Salon: Lumineux, le salon est chaleureux grâce à son canapé d'angle et sa cheminée. Vous pouvez y organiser des dîners sur sa grande table vous permettant de recevoir jusqu’à 12 personnes ! L’appartement est également équipé d’Internet en WIFI, d’une chaine HIFI et d'un piano !! Chambre:  La chambre est composée d’un lit 180x200cm, d’une table de chevet, de nombreux rangement dont une large penderie. Salle de bain: Spacieuse, la salle de bain est équipée d’une baignoire, d’une vasque avec miroir et d’
34011	La maison est charmante et confortable. Une véranda ouverte sur un jardin privé donne du cachet et apporte du calme tout en étant au coeur de la ville.  Le petit déjeuner vous est offert et vous pourrez utiliser la cuisine pour vos repas.   	La chambre mansardée est au premier étage d'une maison atypique avec jardin et véranda. Située dans un quartier populaire vous pourrez accéder à pied à la Butte Montmartre et en 20mn de métro à l'Ile de la Cité, quartier latin, Notre Dame. La maison est charmante et confortable. Une véranda ouverte sur un jardin privé donne du cachet et apporte du calme tout en étant au coeur de la ville.  Le petit déjeuner vous est offert et vous pourrez utiliser la cuisine pour vos repas.    La maison est située sur la ligne de métro 4 et 12  Métro et bus à 2mn.  Nous sommes très attentifs à accueillir nos hôtes, à partager des moments conviviaux,  être  à l'écoute de leurs besoins et de leurs souhaits pour les guider au mieux durant leur séjour.      Le quartier est très vivant, métissé. L'architecture très parisienne de type Haussmann avec un grand boulevard. Plusieurs marchés typiques sont proches de la maison: le marché du Poteau, les puces de Saint Ouen,  le marché Saint Pierre ou le marché afri
34012	"Hello, I'm Guillaume, young Parisian with a very cute apartment in Montmartre. I live in the best corner of Montmartre (less tourists than in Abbesses, more ""village spirit""), with a great view and a very quiet neighborhood. The Sacrè Coeur is 5mn away by a very beautifull and typical staircase...  If you have any question, ask me !  Bonjour, je m'appelle Guillaume et je loue mon appartement quasiment tous les week-end, car je suis souvent en déplacement pour mon travail. Je vis à Montmartre, à 5mn du Sacré Cœur (accès par les magnifiques et typiques escaliers), dans un studio avec une vue magnifique sur les toits, vue dont vous pourrez profiter grâce au balcon, avec chaises et tables. Vous trouverez tout ce dont vous aurez besoin (cuisine, douche, toilettes, mais aussi machine à café, mini-four, four à micro-ondes, plaques électriques, internet par wifi, télévision avec chaînes Numericable)... N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toute question !"	"Nice studio in Montmartre (5mn from the Sacré Cœur) : one room with confortable convertible sofa for two people. Small kitchen with fridge, micro waves, nespressomachine + bathroom withshower I have a wonderfull balcony perfect for romantic diner, with Great view on Montmartre roofs (5th floor with elevator).  Happy to see you ! Hello, I'm Guillaume, young Parisian with a very cute apartment in Montmartre. I live in the best corner of Montmartre (less tourists than in Abbesses, more ""village spirit""), with a great view and a very quiet neighborhood. The Sacrè Coeur is 5mn away by a very beautifull and typical staircase...  If you have any question, ask me !  Bonjour, je m'appelle Guillaume et je loue mon appartement quasiment tous les week-end, car je suis souvent en déplacement pour mon travail. Je vis à Montmartre, à 5mn du Sacré Cœur (accès par les magnifiques et typiques escaliers), dans un studio avec une vue magnifique sur les toits, vue dont vous pourrez profiter grâce au balcon"
34013	"Typical parisian flat, very beautiful parquet, big living room, view on the parisian roofs and the ""sacré-coeur"". Warning, it's a 7th floor flat, with no elevator, so if you have trouble moving, it's not ideal. Though, once you are here, you are so quiet and good!!! I rent the futons in my living room ; they are very good matresses, and I provide linens and quilt. The flat has everything you need: washing machine, everything to cook... Obviously, there is a bathroom and a kitchen with everything you need!!!"	"An amazing parisian flat, with a beautiful parquet, a lot of charm, a spacious living-room, two cute balcony, and awesome views ofthe sacré coeur and the parisian roofs. Close to a lot of metro lines (métro 12,2,4,RER B). Typical parisian flat, very beautiful parquet, big living room, view on the parisian roofs and the ""sacré-coeur"". Warning, it's a 7th floor flat, with no elevator, so if you have trouble moving, it's not ideal. Though, once you are here, you are so quiet and good!!! I rent the futons in my living room ; they are very good matresses, and I provide linens and quilt. The flat has everything you need: washing machine, everything to cook... Obviously, there is a bathroom and a kitchen with everything you need!!! The living room, the bathroom, the kitchen, the wifi I enjoy a lot meeting new people, especially foreigners. My main hobby is dancing (latine and swing dance), so if you're into it, I can lead you in marvelous places. I can also help you to find places/restaurants"
34014		Nice flat with a full equiped kitchen, a bathroom with an italian show, a comfortable living room and a separated bedroom. Located at less than 15 min from Montmarte and 100 meters from the Subway  (line 4), it's a perfect place to visite Paris.
34015	IDEAL petit pied à terre tout mignon pour visiter Paris. Tout est fourni : - drap et couette - serviette de toilettes - set vaisselle complet pour cuisiner (assiette, casserole, poele, bol, verre, couverts, torchon ...) Dans petite coproprièté typique de Montmartre de 3 étage, au calme côté cours et très lumineux.	Situé à 100m du Sacré Coeur au coeur de Montmartre. 3ème sans asc, calme, lumineux, propre. Chambre entrée indépendante avec clic clac (drap fourni), coin repas (frigo, rechaud, micro onde et set vaisselles complet) et sde avec petite baignoire. IDEAL petit pied à terre tout mignon pour visiter Paris. Tout est fourni : - drap et couette - serviette de toilettes - set vaisselle complet pour cuisiner (assiette, casserole, poele, bol, verre, couverts, torchon ...) Dans petite coproprièté typique de Montmartre de 3 étage, au calme côté cours et très lumineux. La chambre est totalement indépendante avec sa propre pour d'entrée. Présent à la remise des clefs et au départ. Si option transfert demandé, je fais le transfert. Situé au pied de la place Emile Goudaud et à 100m du Sacré Coeur, c'est l'emplacement idéal pour visiter Paris et profiter de la vie nocturne des Abbesses et de ses nombreux bars et restaurants. Tous commerces à 2 min. Metro Abbesses ligne 12.  Stationnement payant en juill
34016	Immeuble montmartrois de deux étages atypique situé au métro abbesses en plein coeur de Montmartre à deux pas du moulin de la galette et du sacré coeur	"34 square meters  in the heart of Paris. Very near the sacre coeur, this studio is very atypical. There is a bed for 2 person and a convertible sofa for 2 person, a little kitchen, a bathroom with a bathed WC separatly Immeuble montmartrois de deux étages atypique situé au métro abbesses en plein coeur de Montmartre à deux pas du moulin de la galette et du sacré coeur Accès à des commerces, cafés, théâtres, métros, sacré coeur, lieu central dans Paris. Parisiens depuis toujours, nous sommes à l'écoute de nos voyageurs pour les accueillir et conseiller (leur donner des ""bons plans"" et éventuellement les guider.) Quartier très représentatif du vieux Paris et de la vie Parisienne. Montmartre et ses peintres, ses cafés, le moulin rouge... Metro Abesses, nombreux bus If you don't clean up you have to paye 25 euros"
34017	Contact me before any booking request!!  In a large and flowered courtyard on the 2nd floor, this large furnished studio of 34m² is located in Montmartre, a picturesque and famous quarter, one of the most important touristic sights in Paris, at only a few steps of the Sacré Coeur and the famous flee market.  Near all shops and restaurants, this studio is very bright and nice to live in, comfortable and fully furnished: a double bed, a kitchen with oven and microwave, Shower & WC. Ideally situated, you will have easy access to metro station Jules Joffrin line 12, busses, cabs, as well as a Velib station where you can rent a bicycle. It will be easy for you to reach the most important touristic sights of the french capital.  	Contact me before any booking request!!  In a large and flowered courtyard on the 2nd floor, this large furnished studio of 34m² is located in Montmartre, a picturesque and famous quarter, one of the most important touristic sights in Paris, at only a few steps of the Sacré Coeur and the famous flee market.  Near all shops and restaurants, this studio is very bright and nice to live in, comfortable and fully furnished: a double bed, a kitchen with oven and microwave, Shower & WC. Ideally situated, you will have easy access to metro station Jules Joffrin line 12, busses, cabs, as well as a Velib station where you can rent a bicycle. It will be easy for you to reach the most important touristic sights of the french capital.  
34018	Vue imprenable sur le sacré coeur, appartement remis à neuf et très lumineux.	"En plein coeur de Montmartre, avec une vue imprenable sur le sacré coeur, cet appartement refait à neuf, très lumineux, calme et chaleureux vous fera vivre un séjour parisien de rêve. Idéal pour un couple, sdb et cuisine indépendantes, tout confort. Vue imprenable sur le sacré coeur, appartement remis à neuf et très lumineux. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement et peuvent vivre l'expérience typique d'une personne qui habite Montmartre à l'année. Echanges tout à fait possible tout au long du séjour, une seconde personne pourra passer en cas de questions. Immersion totale en plein coeur du ""vrai Montmartre"".  A une minute à pied du sacré coeur et de la place du Tertre vous vivrez un séjour entre brasseries parisiennes, chansons d'édith Piaf ""La vie en rose"", peintres à chaque coin de rue et vue imprenable sur tout Paris avec les célèbres escaliers. Plusieurs possibilités de transport pour accéder à l'appartement : - Métro Lamarck ou Abbesses (Ligne 12)  - Métro Pigalle / Blanche"
34019		appartement de 25m2 situe au 57 rue des trois frères 75018 paris. Près du métro abbesses et de Montmartre. Immeuble calme avec un quartier tranquille et typiquement parisien. Parfait pour faire du tourisme et découvrir Paris . ligne 12 métro abbesses quartier montmartre/pigalle
34020	85sqm apartment on the first floor bright and sunny, very calm for the touristic area. 3 bedrooms with 2 places beds (2 bedrooms facing the street, 1 bedroom towards garden). Very large living room with convertible sofa for additional 2 places. Metro Abbesses (line 12), Blanche (line 2) 3 minutes walking distance, metro Place de Clichy 5 minutes. at walking distance from the Moulin rouge, the place des Abbesses, the Sacré Coeur, the place du Tertre; in the center of cafés and restaurants, several supermarkets nearby and brand stores for shopping! The area is typical from Paris, very popular touristic place and authentic atmosphere. perfect for visiting Paris with all needed accomodation. Wireless Internet broadband , TV projector , DVD home cinema, fully equipped kitchen (gas) refrigerator, freezer, microwave oven, coffee maker Nespresso , dishwasher, washing machine , sheets and towels included .	Ideal location, calm. Pictures coming next! Touristic area, perfect to visit Paris, pittoresque. 85sqm apartment on the first floor bright and sunny, very calm for the touristic area. 3 bedrooms with 2 places beds (2 bedrooms facing the street, 1 bedroom towards garden). Very large living room with convertible sofa for additional 2 places. Metro Abbesses (line 12), Blanche (line 2) 3 minutes walking distance, metro Place de Clichy 5 minutes. at walking distance from the Moulin rouge, the place des Abbesses, the Sacré Coeur, the place du Tertre; in the center of cafés and restaurants, several supermarkets nearby and brand stores for shopping! The area is typical from Paris, very popular touristic place and authentic atmosphere. perfect for visiting Paris with all needed accomodation. Wireless Internet broadband , TV projector , DVD home cinema, fully equipped kitchen (gas) refrigerator, freezer, microwave oven, coffee maker Nespresso , dishwasher, washing machine , sheets and towels inc
34021	Appartement spacieux de 60m2/646ft2 et très lumineux (6 fenêtres). 1 pièce à vivre de 35m2 composée d'un cuisine conviviale entièrement équipée (machine à laver, café, réfrigérateur, congélateur, four et plaques de cuisson) ouverte sur le salon (TV et wifi). 1 chambre de 24m2 équipée d'un lit 2 places, d'un bureau et d'un placard. 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et wc. 	L'appartement lumineux et spacieux est parfait pour un couple. Idéalement situé dans Montmartre, vous pourrez découvrir la place du Tertre, le Sacré Coeur (200m) et les quartiers vivants des Abesses et Pigalle. Metro: Abesses, Pigalle et Anvers. Appartement spacieux de 60m2/646ft2 et très lumineux (6 fenêtres). 1 pièce à vivre de 35m2 composée d'un cuisine conviviale entièrement équipée (machine à laver, café, réfrigérateur, congélateur, four et plaques de cuisson) ouverte sur le salon (TV et wifi). 1 chambre de 24m2 équipée d'un lit 2 places, d'un bureau et d'un placard. 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et wc. Les voyageurs auront accès à toutes les pièces de l'appartement. Nous serons disponible par mail ou téléphone si besoin. Montmartre est un quartier au charme authentique, célèbre pour la basilique du Sacré-Cœur et sa vue magnifique sur Paris. Le haut de la colline se découvre en empruntant le funiculaire, au prix d’un ticket de métro. Les plus sportifs effectuent l’ascension des 2
34022	The flat is totally available for you : the living-room and the bedroom Access to the bathroom through the bedroom Sheets for the bed and shower towel available Shower : be careful, don't stay too long in the shower, cause the water is only reheating during the night	Hello, you can sleep at my home. I live in 18th district of Paris, close to Gare du Nord (which offers a wide range of possibilities of transports to visit the main Paris attractions), Barbès, 15 minutes away from Montmartre The flat is totally available for you : the living-room and the bedroom Access to the bathroom through the bedroom Sheets for the bed and shower towel available Shower : be careful, don't stay too long in the shower, cause the water is only reheating during the night Access to the flat (keys) : * mondays : from 15:00 directly at the flat,  when the cleaning Lady is there * tuesdays to saturdays : between 7:00 and 20:00 * sundays : between 7:00 and 19:00 * end July and August : only from 15:00 directly at the flat : the cleaning Lady will give you the key (the bakery is on vacation... sorry)  Equipments : kitchen, microwave oven, oven, shower, WIFI, coffee and tea I like to have agreable and respectful exchanges with my guests In the area, you can eat for sheap in K
34023	in the middle of montmartre, surrounding by artists bars, shops. very close to the station abbesses or place de clichy. Double parking place, elevator, concierge. on the sixt floor, a very quiet and lightfull place	very special flat with a terrasse , no  buildings directly opposite
34024		SUPERBE APPARTEMENT, TERRASSE Proche métro Jules Joffrin, Montmartre. Terrasse. Cuisine équipée. Salle de bain-douche. Grand lit extra confortable.
34025	Great atmosphere, everything near!	Very sunny, 2  bedrooms, fully equiped and recently rennovated, ideal for families.  Metro station across the road. 10 min walk to Montmatre's lively neighbourhood 15 min metro ride to Champs Elysées and principal national museums Great atmosphere, everything near! Internet, of course! Tips and other useful information :-) Montmartre... what can be said? Walking in Montmartre, bus and metro, 10 minutes ride to Opera, Galleries Lafayette, etc.
34026		Grande chambre de 15m2 avec un lit double dans un appartement de 85 m2 avec un grand double séjour. A 3 minutes du metro Lamarck-caulaincourt et Jules Joffrin. A 10 min en metro d'Opera. Supermarché au pied de l'immeuble.
34027	Au 4ème étage d'un bel immeuble avec ascenseur, l'appartement a été refait à neuf et bien décoré. Un grand séjour avec canapé et télévision et internet Wifi. Une cuisine entièrement équipée avec machine à laver, lave-vaisselle, toaster, etc... Une belle salle de bain, et une grande chambre au calme avec un lit confortable. Parfait pour séjourner à Montmartre comme un vrai parisien.	En plein coeur de Montmartre, l'appartement a été refait à neuf et bien décoré. Avec 1 belle chambre, un grand séjour calme et une cuisine toute équipée, l'appartement est idéal pour séjourner sur Paris. Calme et lumineux, avec le Sacré-Coeur à 2 min Au 4ème étage d'un bel immeuble avec ascenseur, l'appartement a été refait à neuf et bien décoré. Un grand séjour avec canapé et télévision et internet Wifi. Une cuisine entièrement équipée avec machine à laver, lave-vaisselle, toaster, etc... Une belle salle de bain, et une grande chambre au calme avec un lit confortable. Parfait pour séjourner à Montmartre comme un vrai parisien. Tout est à disposition dans l'appartement : internet wifi, television, cuisine, draps, serviettes, linge... Je vous accueille moi-même à l'appartement. En plein coeur de Montmartre, à deux minutes du Sacré-Coeur. Métro et bus juste à côté.
34028	L'appartement est située derrière la Butte Montmartre à 5 minutes à pied de la Mairie du XVIII avec son marché, ses commerces, cafés et restaurants typiquement parisiens. Le studio est situé dans une résidence calme, il est au 2 eme etage. L'immeuble est équipé d'un ascenseur.  Le studio vous offre une belle pièce principale avec 2 lits-futons au confort de couchage incomparable, une petite cuisine indépendante, une belle salle de bain et un grand balcon de 6 m2. Il y a une baignoire dans la salle de bain.  Les fenêtres donnent sur une rue calme ainsi que sur des jardins. Ce charmant appartement sera idéal pour 2 personnes, une famille ou un groupe d'amis jusqu'à 4 personnes. Le linge de maison (draps, serviettes de toilette) est fourni et le ménage avant et après votre séjour est compris dans le prix. La station de métro la plus proche est Porte de Clignancourt sur la Ligne 4 qui vous permet de rejoindre le coeur de Paris très rapidement.  A bientôt.  	L'appartement est située derrière la Butte Montmartre à 5 minutes à pied de la Mairie du XVIII avec son marché, ses commerces, cafés et restaurants typiquement parisiens. Le studio est situé dans une résidence calme, il est au 2 eme etage. L'immeuble est équipé d'un ascenseur.  Le studio vous offre une belle pièce principale avec 2 lits-futons au confort de couchage incomparable, une petite cuisine indépendante, une belle salle de bain et un grand balcon de 6 m2. Il y a une baignoire dans la salle de bain.  Les fenêtres donnent sur une rue calme ainsi que sur des jardins. Ce charmant appartement sera idéal pour 2 personnes, une famille ou un groupe d'amis jusqu'à 4 personnes. Le linge de maison (draps, serviettes de toilette) est fourni et le ménage avant et après votre séjour est compris dans le prix. La station de métro la plus proche est Porte de Clignancourt sur la Ligne 4 qui vous permet de rejoindre le coeur de Paris très rapidement.  A bientôt.  
34029	Our artistic nest is located in the famous Montmartre quarter in a charming Parisian street where you will find yourself down the stairs that lead to the Sacré Cœur Basilica.  It is a lively and full of curiosities and you start your retreat as soon as you enter the building. Newly renovated 5 floors easy to climb stairs to reach the flat. You will be rewarded with a very nice view on the Notre Dame Cathedral, Montmartre and Parisian roofs.  There is a separated bedroom with a double bed and a fully equipped desk if you need to work or simply to surf on-line. A big screen computer and a keyboard.  In the living room there is a big comfortable sofa that can sleep a child or a teenager. We will also find a dining table for 2 or 3 people with chairs and a TV. This room is decorated with the owner’s painting tools and many books.  The kitchen is fully renovated and equipped with a fridge, a nespresso coffee maker, a kettle, a toaster, a microwave and oven.  The bathroom is clean and bright	Our artistic nest is located in the famous Montmartre quarter in a charming parisian street where you will find yourself down the stairs that lead to the Sacré Cœur Basilica. It is lively and full of curiosities. Our artistic nest is located in the famous Montmartre quarter in a charming Parisian street where you will find yourself down the stairs that lead to the Sacré Cœur Basilica.  It is a lively and full of curiosities and you start your retreat as soon as you enter the building. Newly renovated 5 floors easy to climb stairs to reach the flat. You will be rewarded with a very nice view on the Notre Dame Cathedral, Montmartre and Parisian roofs.  There is a separated bedroom with a double bed and a fully equipped desk if you need to work or simply to surf on-line. A big screen computer and a keyboard.  In the living room there is a big comfortable sofa that can sleep a child or a teenager. We will also find a dining table for 2 or 3 people with chairs and a TV. This room is decorat
34030	Doté de parquet au sol et de moulures au plafond, l'appartement, très ensoleillé, peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes confortablement. Le salon est pourvu d'un canapé-lit double et d'un petit coin repas très agréable. La chambre dispose d'un lit deux places. Vous pourrez profiter de la cuisine équipée. La salle de bain, est petite, dotée d'une douche et d'une lavabo.  Des livres et des films sont à votre disposition pour combler votre séjour.	Bienvenue dans mon appartement situé dans une rue animée et commerçante du 18 eme à 10 minutes à pieds du Sacré Coeur. Il se situe au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur),très lumineux. Salon spacieux avec canapé lit, chambre lit double séparée. Doté de parquet au sol et de moulures au plafond, l'appartement, très ensoleillé, peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes confortablement. Le salon est pourvu d'un canapé-lit double et d'un petit coin repas très agréable. La chambre dispose d'un lit deux places. Vous pourrez profiter de la cuisine équipée. La salle de bain, est petite, dotée d'une douche et d'une lavabo.  Des livres et des films sont à votre disposition pour combler votre séjour. Vous aurez à votre disposition l'appartement dans son entier Je serai ravie de vous accueillir et vous donner plus d'éléments sur le quartier. Je pratique plusieurs langues (le Français,  l'anglais ainsi que l'espagnol).  Je laisserai une petite liste des bons plans et adresses du quartier afin de vivre comme un pa
34031	The light and the view are the main attractions to this apartment. The Mezzanine adds a romantic feeling to it. You'll love it. Quiet nest in the art of Montmartre	Under the roof top of this quiet building, you'll find a charming apartment with all you need to have a sweet and romantic stay. The light and the view are the main attractions to this apartment. The Mezzanine adds a romantic feeling to it. You'll love it. Quiet nest in the art of Montmartre You'll have access to PARIS !!! and my flat. I will be please to give you guidance for your walk and visit.  The neighborhood is the one you can see in the movie AMELIE. It was shot here in spring 2000. But many other beautiful things to discover of course. Nearby Lafayette Galeries and the stores on Boulevard Haussmann. Also, right in the art of Pigalle, mostly famous for its Sexshops and its wild night life. From Airport Orly or Charles de Gaulle : you take public transportation RER B, get off at Gare du Nord, and switch to Metro line 2 (direction Porte Dauphine), get off at PIGALLE station. You are 5 min walk away.  You can check neighborhood maps in the subway, in the ticketing area.  From Airp
34032	Our flat is 1 minute away from the lively and cosmopolitan Place de Clichy. It's great to be at the heart of Paris without any noise as it's located in a small passage. It's also unique to enjoy a 60m2 private garden in this neighborhood! Features includes :  - One bedroom with a confortable pull out sofa  - A well furnished living room with cosy sofas, TV and a big dining table  - A gym in the building  - A parking lot in the building  - Free wifi  - Bed linen and bathroom towels reserved exclusively for our guests  - Fully equipped kitchen with dish washer, oven, microwave...  - Washing + drying machine	Perfectly located in a quiet passage near Place de Clichy, our apartment is a 2 bedrooms modern 60m2 flat with all the confort. Besides, it has a unique 60m2 private garden you can enjoy.  10 minutes walk from Montmartre and Pigalle. Our flat is 1 minute away from the lively and cosmopolitan Place de Clichy. It's great to be at the heart of Paris without any noise as it's located in a small passage. It's also unique to enjoy a 60m2 private garden in this neighborhood! Features includes :  - One bedroom with a confortable pull out sofa  - A well furnished living room with cosy sofas, TV and a big dining table  - A gym in the building  - A parking lot in the building  - Free wifi  - Bed linen and bathroom towels reserved exclusively for our guests  - Fully equipped kitchen with dish washer, oven, microwave...  - Washing + drying machine The whole flat : TV, books, comic books... as long as you take care of our things. Lively and cosmopolitan, Place de Clichy is conveniently located at th
34033	Situé au premier étage, et d’une surface de 40m2, vous aurez à votre disposition Une entrée , Un salon très confortable, toutes les literies sont neuves canapé convertible deux places, TV écran plat TNT, accès internet illimité Wifi, Une cuisine américaine, espace bar, bien équipée (four électrique, 4 feux au gaz, frigo avec partie congélateur, machine à laver le linge, bouilloire, grille pain, rice cooker, cafetière électrique et italienne, ……..) Une belle chambre avec deux lits jumeaux de 90x200, literie neuve (possibilité de les rapprocher), un petit bureau vous permettra de travailler ou d’écrire, une armoire de rangement  Une salle de bain (cabine de douche, étagères de rangement, sèche cheveux, fer à repasser) WC indépendant Chauffage au gaz individuel.	Vous logerez dans un appartement facile à vivre avec deux pièces indépendantes,  bien  équipé et joliment décoré, reflet de mes voyages tout en restant parisien. Lumineux et donnant sur une jolie place arborée avec vue sur les escaliers de Montmartre Situé au premier étage, et d’une surface de 40m2, vous aurez à votre disposition Une entrée , Un salon très confortable, toutes les literies sont neuves canapé convertible deux places, TV écran plat TNT, accès internet illimité Wifi, Une cuisine américaine, espace bar, bien équipée (four électrique, 4 feux au gaz, frigo avec partie congélateur, machine à laver le linge, bouilloire, grille pain, rice cooker, cafetière électrique et italienne, ……..) Une belle chambre avec deux lits jumeaux de 90x200, literie neuve (possibilité de les rapprocher), un petit bureau vous permettra de travailler ou d’écrire, une armoire de rangement  Une salle de bain (cabine de douche, étagères de rangement, sèche cheveux, fer à repasser) WC indépendant Chauffag
34034		Cosy and design loft, recently renovated with one separated bedroom, a living room and large kitchen and bathroom. Ideal for a couple.
34035	C est un joli 2 pièces de 50m2, agréable, avec ascenseur et parking. Grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte sur le salon.	magnifique vue sur le sacre cœur du 7EME etage avec ascenceur depuis balcon  dans appartement tout confort pouvant accueillir 4 personnes ,avec parking. accessible par les lignes de metro 12 et 13 (email hidden) a pied de la place des abbesses. C est un joli 2 pièces de 50m2, agréable, avec ascenseur et parking. Grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte sur le salon. Entre Montmartre et les puces Saint Ouen. Permet d accéder à pied au Sacré Cœur, Moulin Rouge, Marché Saint-Pierre, aux Puces. Métro ligne 13 station Guy Môquet  bus ligne 31
34036		Located in a quiet neighborhood close to Montmartre, this individual room is perfect for 
34037	"** Last-minute prices in August :) ** Beautiful and simple 2 room apartment to rent by the day, week-end, week or month. In a vibrant, multicultural neighbourhood a few minutes walk from Montmartre. The apartment is equipped and furnished, with bed-room, living room, little kitchen, bathroom, toilet and a functional chimney.  It's surface is 36m² (388 ft²), perfect for a single person or a couple. The apartment is located at the 5th (second-last) floor of a traditional and simple Parisian building (early XXth century), without elevator. It faces a quiet courtyard, with windows in every room and lots of light (orientation is north-west).  The apartment is fully prepared for you on your arrival, ready for you to ""move in"" with just a suitcase.  Cleaning is done by a professional, and bed linens (white 100% cotton) are high temperature cleaned by a professional service. Like a suite in a hotel, with the feel of real Paris. ------------------------------------ ===== The apartment ===== ---"	"Beautiful, calm and simple two room apartment in a  vibrant, multicultural neighbourhood a few minutes from Montmartre. The flat is fully equipped and furnished, from wireless lan to a charming fireplace, ready to move in, like a suite in a hotel. ** Last-minute prices in August :) ** Beautiful and simple 2 room apartment to rent by the day, week-end, week or month. In a vibrant, multicultural neighbourhood a few minutes walk from Montmartre. The apartment is equipped and furnished, with bed-room, living room, little kitchen, bathroom, toilet and a functional chimney.  It's surface is 36m² (388 ft²), perfect for a single person or a couple. The apartment is located at the 5th (second-last) floor of a traditional and simple Parisian building (early XXth century), without elevator. It faces a quiet courtyard, with windows in every room and lots of light (orientation is north-west).  The apartment is fully prepared for you on your arrival, ready for you to ""move in"" with just a suitcase. "
34038	Very nice flat, near Montmartre and Sacré Coeur, just 15 minutes walk ! You can take the metro, the bus, to go from here to any other places in Paris ! The flat is ideally situated to go to La Madeleine, la Concorde, Les Champs Elysées thanks to the metro 12 (Jules Joffrin). There are many nice restaurants and bars around in the neighbourhood and it is very safe.  No noise around, very quiet place for a lovely stay ! You are all welcome !!	Very nice flat, near Montmartre and Sacré Coeur, just 15 minutes walk ! You can take the metro, the bus, to go from here to any other places in Paris ! The flat is ideally situated to go to La Madeleine, la Concorde, Les Champs Elysées thanks to the metro 12 (Jules Joffrin). There are many nice restaurants and bars around in the neighbourhood and it is very safe.  No noise around, very quiet place for a lovely stay ! You are all welcome !!
34039	Sweet flat, including 2 bedrooms (mine and yours), a big living-room, a bathroom with separate toilet, and a small kitchen.	Nice double bedroom with balcony in a cute flat, including a kitchen, a bathroom, toilets, and a big living-room. I will be happy to welcome you in my sweet home :) Sweet flat, including 2 bedrooms (mine and yours), a big living-room, a bathroom with separate toilet, and a small kitchen. All the flat will be yours! Please feel free to ask me as many questions as you want ! Jules Jofrin is a very sweet area, offering many restaurants and bars. Very close to Montmatre, the famous Montmartre stairs are only 5-minute walk. 3'minute walk to Jules Joffrin metro station (line 12), 7-minute walk to get Marcader Poissoniers (line 4). Many buses too to get les Halles, les Champs Elysées or Place de Clichy.
34040	Modern Montmarte 1-Bedroom! A Stylish Home for Couples & Families! 1-Bedroom Sleeps up to 4 Guests - in the heart of Montmartre! 3rd floor, no elevator Located on a quiet street, just off rue des Abbesses Metro: Abbesses (line 12) or Blanche (line 2) Please note: CLEANING FEE of 60 EUROS is DUE IN CASH UPON ARRIVAL and is not included in the quoted rental rate. Welcome to Modern Montmartre! This stylish new apartment was recently purchased and renovated, and will be a comfortable place to call home for families, couples and friends.  In the heart of Montmartre, right off rue des Abbesses, guests will have a chance to explore the village-like atmosphere and enjoy the cafe life on all the nearby Parisian streets. Bistros, boulangeries and boutiques are at your doorstep! And if you like to cook, you'll be in heaving walking down the market street rue Lepic, which is just across the street and has fresh cheese, fish, meat, vegetables, fruit, chocolate, pastries and or course, baguettes!  L	Modern Montmarte 1-Bedroom! A Stylish Home for Couples & Families! 1-Bedroom Sleeps up to 4 Guests - in the heart of Montmartre! 3rd floor, no elevator Located on a quiet street, just off rue des Abbesses Metro: Abbesses (line 12) or Blanche (line 2) Modern Montmarte 1-Bedroom! A Stylish Home for Couples & Families! 1-Bedroom Sleeps up to 4 Guests - in the heart of Montmartre! 3rd floor, no elevator Located on a quiet street, just off rue des Abbesses Metro: Abbesses (line 12) or Blanche (line 2) Please note: CLEANING FEE of 60 EUROS is DUE IN CASH UPON ARRIVAL and is not included in the quoted rental rate. Welcome to Modern Montmartre! This stylish new apartment was recently purchased and renovated, and will be a comfortable place to call home for families, couples and friends.  In the heart of Montmartre, right off rue des Abbesses, guests will have a chance to explore the village-like atmosphere and enjoy the cafe life on all the nearby Parisian streets. Bistros, boulangeries and bo
34041	Appartement de 80m² très agréable et très calme avec terrasse de 5m², orientée Sud/Ouest, verte et ensoleillée. La terrasse est un refuge LPO et on peut s'y installer pour petit-déjeuner. Il y a des tableaux, des vitraux, des plantes et de la musique. Cuisine, salle de bain et toilette propre et fonctionnelle. Tout est visible et à portée de main.	"Appartement propre de caractère aéré, lumineux et décoré avec des tableaux et des vitraux ""maison"". Très belle terrasse verte avec un mini potager urbain. Décoration chargée de vie, style global : artistico-ethnico-écolo-ikéa. Alimentation bio. Vélo. Appartement de 80m² très agréable et très calme avec terrasse de 5m², orientée Sud/Ouest, verte et ensoleillée. La terrasse est un refuge LPO et on peut s'y installer pour petit-déjeuner. Il y a des tableaux, des vitraux, des plantes et de la musique. Cuisine, salle de bain et toilette propre et fonctionnelle. Tout est visible et à portée de main. Vous aurez accès à la chambre louée (15m²) , la salle de bain, les toilettes, la cuisine (américaine), le coin salle à manger et la terrasse. Je peux conseiller les voyageurs sur les visites à faire à Paris. Je connais aussi bien les lieux classiques touristiques que les lieux alternatifs et écologiques (jardin partagés / lieux artistiques très présents ds mon quartier). J'ai des tas de livre sur"
34042	"Two steps away from the Sacré Coeur, ideal for a couple. Quiet, comfortable and bright studio flat (4th floor), overlooking a courtyard listed as a historical monument. Independent bathroom and separate fitted kitchen, unlimited internet access, television and large closet. Public transport : two metro stations nearby ""Abbesses"" (line 12) and ""Blanche"" (line 2), and bus lines. Montmartre's major places of interest accessible by foot : Moulin Rouge, Moulin de la Galette, Dalí Museum... Good adresses at 5 minutes from the flat : traditional award winning bakeries ""Coquelicot"" and ""Le Grenier à Pain"", ""Le Studio 28"" which is a famous cinema showing art films and oldies in a very beautiful setting, a lot of shops and cafés, etc."	"Two steps away from the Sacré Coeur, ideal for a couple. Quiet, comfortable and bright studio flat (4th floor), overlooking a courtyard listed as a historical monument. Independent bathroom and separate fitted kitchen, unlimited internet access, television and large closet. Public transport : two metro stations nearby ""Abbesses"" (line 12) and ""Blanche"" (line 2), and bus lines. Montmartre's major places of interest accessible by foot : Moulin Rouge, Moulin de la Galette, Dalí Museum... Good adresses at 5 minutes from the flat : traditional award winning bakeries ""Coquelicot"" and ""Le Grenier à Pain"", ""Le Studio 28"" which is a famous cinema showing art films and oldies in a very beautiful setting, a lot of shops and cafés, etc."
34043	Welcome to the Rue Joseph de Maistre in Montmartre! 1 open kitchen fully equipped with micro-wave, fridge, kettle, dish washer, etc.  All staffs you need to cook like a French cooker and cook for your friend.  1 bathroom with shower, toilet, double vanity unit and wash & dry machine . The light is turned on automatically when you enter in the bathroom and the music too ( if it disturbs you , you can switch it off )  Led Lights for a different colors of the flat  The flat is ideal for a couple. The flat is the only one on the floor, so you will be totally peace and quiet.  The bed is coming from the ceilling with a remote control to stay just on the sofa, you have nothing to do just click on the button. The bed is a king size (1m60 / 2 m ) .   Maximum capacity 2 guests.  All house linen are provided. A 5 minutes walking distance from the Moulin de la Galette, from Rue Lepic / Rue des Abbesses with plenty of typical French groceries, food and cheese shops, wine stores, bakeries.  	 Welcome to the Rue Joseph de Maistre in Montmartre! This big studio is the best to discover all the Montmartre in the heart of mythical Butte Montmartre . The flat was totally built in 2013 , with all high quality staffs !       Welcome to the Rue Joseph de Maistre in Montmartre! 1 open kitchen fully equipped with micro-wave, fridge, kettle, dish washer, etc.  All staffs you need to cook like a French cooker and cook for your friend.  1 bathroom with shower, toilet, double vanity unit and wash & dry machine . The light is turned on automatically when you enter in the bathroom and the music too ( if it disturbs you , you can switch it off )  Led Lights for a different colors of the flat  The flat is ideal for a couple. The flat is the only one on the floor, so you will be totally peace and quiet.  The bed is coming from the ceilling with a remote control to stay just on the sofa, you have nothing to do just click on the button. The bed is a king size (1m60 / 2 m ) .   Maximum capacity 
34044		L'appartement est cosy, idéal pour une escapade amoureuse.  A deux pas du quartier Montmartre, vous pourrez profiter aisément de tous les lieux touristiques de Paris grâce à un accès simple aux transports en commun.
34045		This studio is situated between two interesting areas : Jules Joffrin district with nice grocerys and cafés and St-Oeuen Flea and Antiquaries market.
34046	Le logement est unique par son emplacement. Il est en effet situé aux pieds des escaliers qui vous amènent à Montmartre, quartier historique par son histoire artistique. L'appartement, nouvellement aménagé avec beaucoup de soin, vous permettra de passer un séjour unique avec tout le nécessaire pratique.  Dans la cuisine vous trouverez vaisselle complète, grille pain, bouilloire, machine à café, etc. L'idée étant que vous soyez comme à la maison. Dans la salle de bain des serviettes de toilette seront à votre disposition.  Le minimum sera prévu pour vous assurer un bon début de séjour comme du papier toilette, du savon pour les mains, du liquide vaisselle. 	Un savant mélange de modernité, d’art et de douceur plane dans cet appartement pour votre plus grand confort... Douillet, charmant, lumineux, fonctionnel, il est situé en plein cœur du quartier historique et  artistique de Paris, Montmartre. Le logement est unique par son emplacement. Il est en effet situé aux pieds des escaliers qui vous amènent à Montmartre, quartier historique par son histoire artistique. L'appartement, nouvellement aménagé avec beaucoup de soin, vous permettra de passer un séjour unique avec tout le nécessaire pratique.  Dans la cuisine vous trouverez vaisselle complète, grille pain, bouilloire, machine à café, etc. L'idée étant que vous soyez comme à la maison. Dans la salle de bain des serviettes de toilette seront à votre disposition.  Le minimum sera prévu pour vous assurer un bon début de séjour comme du papier toilette, du savon pour les mains, du liquide vaisselle. Aucune restriction pour le voyageur. Je demande naturellement que l'appartement soit rendu en 
34047	Joli 2 pièces,vue sur une grande cour calme. chambre avec lit 2 places  Salon avec canapé convertible confortable 2 places  Draps fournis Grande télé  Salle-de-bain avec baignoire,serviettes et cosmétiques de base fournis.lave-linge sèche-linge Cuisine avec four,micro-onde,machine à café,toaster... Au pied de la Butte Montmartre et proche de plusieurs arrêts de bus et Métro,vous accéderez rapidement à tout Paris. Plusieurs supermarchés,restaurants,bars,boutiques de vêtements,à proximité.	Situated in a quiet residence,in a very livened up historic district,this charming apartment,done up like new,is very comfortable,with all that is necessary to have a pleasant stay in Paris.
34048	Large living room with open kitchen. All amenities: washer, dryer, oven...etc.	"Great and spacious studio with a nice balcony just 5 minutes away from Montmartre area. Cool bars, concerts venues, and restaurants at walking distance, 5 min away from metro stations ""Simplon"" (metro line 4) or ""Marcadet-Poissoniers"" 'metro line 12) Large living room with open kitchen. All amenities: washer, dryer, oven...etc. I am a parisian born, I speak french, english and spanish and can help during your trip, giving you advices on what to do and what to see! The neighborhood is a lively one, there is a local market 3 times a week just down the street, and there are many shops around open until midnight. 5 min walking distance from Simplon (line 4) and Marcadet Poissonniers (line 12)"
34049	Quiet place. In front of the Eiffel Tower. Elevator. meetic street rue d'Orchampt. Next the Moulin de la Galette, Place du Bateau Lavoir, Sacré Coeur... Little bath. kitchen with everything. internet. lovely place very clean.	Quiet place. In front of the Eiffel Tower. Elevator. meetic street rue d'Orchampt. Next the Moulin de la Galette, Place du Bateau Lavoir, Sacré Coeur... Little bath. kitchen with everything. internet. lovely place very clean.
34050	A dix minutes à pied de Montmartre, un studio au look arty parfait pour séjourner à Paris.	Arty cafes, winerys, librairies, flea market... Stay in this charming studio-loft located near Montmartre and feel the pure and authentic atmosphere of Paris.
34051	15 minutes walk from Montmartre in a very charming independent house, in a very quied court. Perfect for a family with 2 little children and for a couple looking for some lovely days in Paris. 55m², the house has been entirely renewed and is totally clean. 	Very nice and renewed urban house in a quiet and peaceful court. 10 min walk to Montmartre. Ideal for a family or a couple. 55m², 2 rooms, 1 bathroom. Fully equipped. Many restaurants and shops. Very safe and living area. 15 minutes walk from Montmartre in a very charming independent house, in a very quied court. Perfect for a family with 2 little children and for a couple looking for some lovely days in Paris. 55m², the house has been entirely renewed and is totally clean.  Washing machine, fridge, oven, dish washer, induction hob, all stuff necessary for eating for cooking, towels and linen, baby equipment and little children games, TV, DVD, Computer, Wifi access we can interact by phone, email and according to dates we can available in Paris Metros 12, 4 et 13 et bus 60, 95 et 80
34052	Le SALON : Un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes Un lit double suspendu. WIFI TV écran plat et lecteur DVD et Blu-ray. La CUISINE : Deux plaques chauffantes, Un réfrigérateur, Un four micro-ondes et grill, Une machine à café, une bouilloire. La CHAMBRE : Un lit double. Un lit double suspendu. Un fer et une planche à repasser La SALLE DE BAIN : Douche, un sèche-cheveux, un fer et une planche à repasser. Très confortable jusqu'à 4 ou 6 personnes mais peut accueillir 8  voyageurs ( 4 lits doubles).	    Confortable appartement refait à neuf. L'appartement est au rez de chaussée sur rue très calme et sur cours. À quelques pas de MONTMARTRE et direct en métro, en 5 minutes au CENTRE de Paris.    Le SALON : Un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes Un lit double suspendu. WIFI TV écran plat et lecteur DVD et Blu-ray. La CUISINE : Deux plaques chauffantes, Un réfrigérateur, Un four micro-ondes et grill, Une machine à café, une bouilloire. La CHAMBRE : Un lit double. Un lit double suspendu. Un fer et une planche à repasser La SALLE DE BAIN : Douche, un sèche-cheveux, un fer et une planche à repasser. Très confortable jusqu'à 4 ou 6 personnes mais peut accueillir 8  voyageurs ( 4 lits doubles). Usage exclusive de l'appartement entièrement.  Draps et serviettes fournie. Par email ou (website hidden) complet et plan disponible. J'essaye d'être présente lors du check-in pour remettre les clés de l'appartement. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier populaire et cosmopolite à l'architecture typiquem
34053		Nice and cosy studio, 25 SQM, brand new renovations, in the heart of Montmartre, right next to sacré coeur et and rue des martyrs.  Fully equipped kitchen with oven, dishwasher and washing machine, double bed and italian shower.
34054		Studio cosy situé dans le 18èm arrondissement à 7min à pied de Montmartre dans le quartier typiquement parisien de Lamarck caulaincourt. Studio fonctionnel neuf propre et frais donnant sur une court donc sans bruit tout équipé.
34055	Appartement de 39 m2 15 minutes à pied de la butte Montmartre et à 15 minutes des puces de (website hidden) pied du métro Porte de Clignancourt (ligne 4) et à 5 minutes du métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12), 15 minutes en métro de la Concorde et de Châtelet (cœur de Paris). Vous êtes à 50 m de la rue du Poteau et de ses marchés typiques ainsi qu'à 10 minutes du quartier Lamarck-Caulaincourt réputé pour ses restaurants et bars, à 15 minutes des Abbesses et de ses boutiques et bars, quartier d'Amélie Poulain! :-) Bus 31, 80, 85 et 95,  4 eme étage avec ascenseur, entrée/cuisine toute équipée avec micro-ondes, four,lave vaisselle, machine à laver grille pain ect.. salle de bain/WC, séjour avec grand canapé lit  et une chambre pour un enfant ou un adulte  Lit  1 personne 90x200  Le linge de toilette et les draps sont fournis, l'appartement est équipé du wifi d'un lecteur dvd d;un apple tv et des chaines tnt Cet appartement est totalement équipé et sans perte de place, vous n'avez qu'à déposer 	4éme ét avec ascenseur 39m2 cuisine toute équipée avec micro-ondes four ect  salle de bain/WC, séjour avec canapé lit 2 personnes chambre d'enfant mais avec un lit une place 200cmx90 Le linge de toilettes et les draps sont fournis, l'appartement est équipé du wifi. Bcp de charme! Appartement de 39 m2 15 minutes à pied de la butte Montmartre et à 15 minutes des puces de (website hidden) pied du métro Porte de Clignancourt (ligne 4) et à 5 minutes du métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12), 15 minutes en métro de la Concorde et de Châtelet (cœur de Paris). Vous êtes à 50 m de la rue du Poteau et de ses marchés typiques ainsi qu'à 10 minutes du quartier Lamarck-Caulaincourt réputé pour ses restaurants et bars, à 15 minutes des Abbesses et de ses boutiques et bars, quartier d'Amélie Poulain! :-) Bus 31, 80, 85 et 95,  4 eme étage avec ascenseur, entrée/cuisine toute équipée avec micro-ondes, four,lave vaisselle, machine à laver grille pain ect.. salle de bain/WC, séjour avec grand canapé lit  et un
34056	"Have you heard of Bleu, Blanc, Rouge?  The nostalgic (bleu), joyful (blanc), and romantic (rouge) aspects of Montmartre, the most visited village in the world, all have their place in this lovely 2 bedroom apartment overlooking the famous café Francoeur on one side, and a wooded courtyard on the other.  ""Bleu, blanc, rouge"" is also a reference to the famous trilogy by film maker Krzysztof Kieslowski. The secret of this apartment is that Kieslowski actually wrote the script for the trilogy, as well as the Double Vie de Véronique, during the period when he lived in this apartment.  Whether you feel the colors of the past in a present place or not, this is simple a delightful, peaceful apartment in which to enjoy Montmartre and Paris, either as two couples or a family. Bleu Blanc Rouge are also, of course, the colors of the French flag, and this apartment will offer you an unforgettable French experience. The 3rd floor (with an elevator) apartment is comprised of two separate bedrooms eac"	"Experience the country charm in our haven of peace,  a 2 bedroom apartment overlooking the famous café Francoeur in Montmartre, the most visited village in the world. Have you heard of Bleu, Blanc, Rouge?  The nostalgic (bleu), joyful (blanc), and romantic (rouge) aspects of Montmartre, the most visited village in the world, all have their place in this lovely 2 bedroom apartment overlooking the famous café Francoeur on one side, and a wooded courtyard on the other.  ""Bleu, blanc, rouge"" is also a reference to the famous trilogy by film maker Krzysztof Kieslowski. The secret of this apartment is that Kieslowski actually wrote the script for the trilogy, as well as the Double Vie de Véronique, during the period when he lived in this apartment.  Whether you feel the colors of the past in a present place or not, this is simple a delightful, peaceful apartment in which to enjoy Montmartre and Paris, either as two couples or a family. Bleu Blanc Rouge are also, of course, the colors of the "
34057	Appartement 55m2 Confort Haut de Gamme, Wi-fi, Chaine HiFi connectéé wi-fi, TV 46'', Cafetiere Nespresso, frigidaire, Lave vaisselle, four, plaque vitro ceramique, Salon en cuir, Sans vis a vis, Lit 160 tres confort, douche, wc separé. 55m2 Apartment Premium comfort, Wi-Fi, Stereo connected wi-fi, TV 46 '', Nespresso Coffee maker, refrigerator, dishwasher, oven, ceramic hob, leather furniture, Without opposite, very comfortable bed 160 , shower, separate toilet.	"My flat is ideally located in Montmartre (18eme).  The Sacre-Coeur is 5 mins away with the ""place du tertre"" and its painters. 54 squared meter flat is spacious, luminous and nicely furbished in a modern style! Appartement 55m2 Confort Haut de Gamme, Wi-fi, Chaine HiFi connectéé wi-fi, TV 46'', Cafetiere Nespresso, frigidaire, Lave vaisselle, four, plaque vitro ceramique, Salon en cuir, Sans vis a vis, Lit 160 tres confort, douche, wc separé. 55m2 Apartment Premium comfort, Wi-Fi, Stereo connected wi-fi, TV 46 '', Nespresso Coffee maker, refrigerator, dishwasher, oven, ceramic hob, leather furniture, Without opposite, very comfortable bed 160 , shower, separate toilet. We are just a 5 min walk from Sacré Coeur, 10 min walk to Moulin Rouge, Fabulous Abbesses and 10 minutes from Montmartre Cementery. SHOPPING-sandro, maje, trendy boutiques just around the corner. Taxi's, metro (line 12), buses outside the door which can take you to the shopping at Opéra-Lafayette, Louvre or 6eme Saint Ge"
34058	Completely renovated in 2013 housing, it combines the charm of the old and modern comforts. Covering an area of 26m ² with kitchen, bathroom and toilet, is quiet (fully courtyard) and light (4th floor - no elevator).	Charming small apartment in the heart of a warm and lively district 18th (shops, market, restaurants, sports fields ...). Ideal base for exploring Paris, at the foot of Montmartre, near the Bullets and 15 minutes by underground from the city center. Completely renovated in 2013 housing, it combines the charm of the old and modern comforts. Covering an area of 26m ² with kitchen, bathroom and toilet, is quiet (fully courtyard) and light (4th floor - no elevator). The apartment is on the same level as our own home, we are pleased to advise you on your stay. It is located in a quiet street but the animation is 2 steps: shops, market, restaurants. 4 stations in Paris are direct metro (Gare du Nord, East, Saint Lazare and Montparnasse). The bus (95 - Porte de Montmartre - Porte de Vanves, 31 - Charles de Gaulle Etoile - Gare de l'Est, 60 - Porte de Montmartre - Gambetta 80 Mayor eighteenth Jules Joffrin - Porte de Versailles, 85 Mayor of Saint Ouen - Luxembourg) and metro (4 Porte de Cligna
34059		In Montmartre district, calm and clear family apartment with balcony overlooking Montmartre. It consists of a kitchen, two bedrooms and a large living room . Ideal for a couple with 1 or 2 child (ren) . When one recalls the 18 th arrondissement of Paris, we first think of the most characteristic districts: Montmartre course, but Pigalle, Barbès and Chapel. Yet the living heart of the district is in the north behind the Sacre Coeur. Structured around the Ordener street with one hand City Hall, the other the paris of Notre-Dame de Clignancourt Jules Joffrin district is a typical popular area of the capital. Haussmann architecture, squares and brasseries are the charm of this place forgotten from Parisian people. The peace and harmony of the square Maurice Kriegel, lined with large ashlar buildings alongside the bustle of the street pole and its market. The son of the years the streets retain their popular unrest, residents and traders took power in this area and made it a lively place al
34060		Charmant appartement 2 pièces en plein coeur de Montmartre
34061	L’appartement est tout équipé et très confortable! Parfait pour 2 personnes, mais aussi pour une famille avec enfant(s)  avec le canapé convertible. The space is cozy, very light and spacious enough to feel relaxed. It's an ideal for a couple or business people , but can be suitable for family with child(ren)  with the Sofa Bed.	Très charmant 2 pièces, calme et lumineux.  L’appartement est tout équipé et très confortable! A typical cozy Parisian flat with a lot of character and charm!  Is very light and all-comfort! L’appartement est tout équipé et très confortable! Parfait pour 2 personnes, mais aussi pour une famille avec enfant(s)  avec le canapé convertible. The space is cozy, very light and spacious enough to feel relaxed. It's an ideal for a couple or business people , but can be suitable for family with child(ren)  with the Sofa Bed. Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis.  Il y a un sèche-cheveux, un fer, une table à repasser et une machine à laver. La cuisine et l'équipement est bien évidemment à votre disposition. Connexion WIFI - Sheets, towels  - Fully equipped (Fridge, oven, washing machine, micro wave, dishes etc.) - American kitchen with bar  - Wash machine - Hairdryer  - Unlimited High-speed Internet, WiFi As much as needed ;) Je serai là pour vous accueillir et vous aider si besoin (renseign
34062	You will arrive in a cosy and bright space. When you get in you will face the kitchen bar, a large living room and 3 cosy bedrooms. We will let you more Infos at home on the facilities and specificities of our place! It is located in a great area mixing charm, authentic Paris, a typical Parisian area with great coffees, bistro and a large choices of restaurants from all over the world. Although the area is really dynamic and touristic (Pigalle / Montmartre / Sacré Coeur),our street is calm safe and intimate.	Located in Montmartre. This 80m2 bright and typical Parisian apartment is perfect for a family on a few days trip in one of the most beautiful city of the world! You will have all the convenience in a peaceful and quiet street. You will arrive in a cosy and bright space. When you get in you will face the kitchen bar, a large living room and 3 cosy bedrooms. We will let you more Infos at home on the facilities and specificities of our place! It is located in a great area mixing charm, authentic Paris, a typical Parisian area with great coffees, bistro and a large choices of restaurants from all over the world. Although the area is really dynamic and touristic (Pigalle / Montmartre / Sacré Coeur),our street is calm safe and intimate. All apartment We will be reached by telephone or email during your stay if you need any information The apartment is located in a lively neighborhood yet our street is quiet and charming. Montmartre with the Moulin Rouge and its typical rue Lepic and rue des
34063	L'appartement est situé au rez-de-chaussé sur cour d'un immeuble de 6 étages calme accessible par digicode.  La porte de l’appartement est renforcée avec serrure 3 points. L'appartement se compose d’un salon avec un canapé-lit 2 places et d'une cuisine ouverte, d'une salle de bain avec douche, des toilettes séparées ainsi que d'une chambre avec un lit et un autre lit superposé. La fenêtre du salon donne vue sur la cour. La chambre possède une porte permettant d'accéder à une cour privative. Entièrement équipé, il dispose d'une télévision à écran LED de 50 cm, d'une table à manger avec chaises, de rangements et dressing, d'un sèche-cheveux ainsi que d'un fer, d'une table à repasser et d'un aspirateur balai.  La cuisine comporte des plaques de cuisson vitrocéramique, un four micro-ondes, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, tous les ustensiles nécessaires, de la vaisselle, un réfrigérateur et un lave-linge. Vous trouverez un radiateur et une fenêtre double vitrage dans le salon, la chambre et	Appartement entier 2 pièces de 25m² au rez-de-chaussée meublé et équipé, refait à neuf. Situé sur cour calme. A 10 minutes de Montmartre, il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Facilement accessible aux personnes avec bagages et à mobilité réduite. L'appartement est situé au rez-de-chaussé sur cour d'un immeuble de 6 étages calme accessible par digicode.  La porte de l’appartement est renforcée avec serrure 3 points. L'appartement se compose d’un salon avec un canapé-lit 2 places et d'une cuisine ouverte, d'une salle de bain avec douche, des toilettes séparées ainsi que d'une chambre avec un lit et un autre lit superposé. La fenêtre du salon donne vue sur la cour. La chambre possède une porte permettant d'accéder à une cour privative. Entièrement équipé, il dispose d'une télévision à écran LED de 50 cm, d'une table à manger avec chaises, de rangements et dressing, d'un sèche-cheveux ainsi que d'un fer, d'une table à repasser et d'un aspirateur balai.  La cuisine comporte des plaques d
34064	We love our typical parisian flat with woodfloor, double windows, ceiling moldings and asymetrical walls. We've tried to let its natural charm express itself with vintage and original furnitures and white walls. We hope you like it also and fell like home.	A nice room with your own bathroom in a very cosy flat, lot's of light, peacefull colors, perfect to experience a parisian life. Subway 200m, Moulin rouge 500m, nice area with bars and restaurants, close to Montmartre. We love our typical parisian flat with woodfloor, double windows, ceiling moldings and asymetrical walls. We've tried to let its natural charm express itself with vintage and original furnitures and white walls. We hope you like it also and fell like home. Your have your room  with private bathroom and access to our full kitchen. You can call us anytime you need. We'll be glad to share with you our parisian tips. The area looks like a small village, the streets are narrow and the traffic is slow. Our place is pretty quiet for Paris.You'll find a very convenient supermarket at 100m. And you have a lot of very nice restaurants and bar at walking distance to eat for lunch or dinner with locals. Metro Station La fourche at 200M (Ligne 13) Metro Station Place de Clichy at 400
34065	Very confortable appartment that will make you feel at home.  1 real bed (queen size) and one inflatable mattress for 2 persons	"Located in street Damremont, one of the liveliest street of Montmartre. 5 minutes walk from Sacré Coeur, rue des Abesses,  rue Lepic ...Completely refurbished. On the 5th floor with a nice balcony. Haussmanien building (1910) .1 real bed (queen size) and 1 inflatable mattress to welcome 4 guests. Very confortable appartment that will make you feel at home.  1 real bed (queen size) and one inflatable mattress for 2 persons Access to all the appartement I will be reachable anytime Who does not know Montmartre? No need to introduce this charming little village immortalised by the movie ""Amelie Poulain"". So many fined restaurant, shops... 7 minutes walk from the metro station Lamarck Caulaincourt (Line 12) and Guy Moquet (Line 13)"
34066		Bel appartement 50 mètres carrés au cœur des abbesses proches commerces, bar, restaurants 2 chambres, salle de bain, we séparés, cuisine équipée. 2ème étage, rue calme, double vitrage  Parquet ancien cheminée ! Beaucoup de charme  Accès ligne 12 métro abbesses / L2 Metro blanche Habitant le quartier je me ferai un plaisir de vous faire visiter Montmartre :) bonnes adresses assurées  Prévoir 30€ pour le linge de maison et serviettes
34067	"Cozy loft in the best place in Montmartre whith an amazing view of ""place de Tertre"" where you can meet the famous Artiste from all the world . very close to the center of paris and all the touristic Area  5 min a walk to ""Moulin Rouge""  10 min far of ""Gard d'Nord"" our principal train station  15 min by Metro to get ""champs Elysée""  20 min by Metro to get ""Eiffel Tower "" Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the  most artistic district of Paris Sleeps 5  Equipped kitchen with all the amenities (coffee maker, kettle, , fridge, microwaves oven)  Linen, towels, international Tv and  free wifi Near the apartment you can find ;many bars. restaurants,  trendy and arty shops, , pubs, museums, famous  portraitists, old cabarets, Moulin rouge, (website hidden) de clichy , all within a walking distance Metro Lamarck - Caulaincourt line 2 and  "" anvers"" line 2  very close to line 4 deposit (refundable at check-out time): 200 euros in cash  cleaning: 20 euros cash  A great op"	"Cozy loft in the best place in Montmartre whith an amazing view of ""place de Tertre"" where you can meet the famous Artiste from all the world . very close to the center of paris and all the touristic Area  5 min a walk to ""Moulin Rouge""  10 min far of ""Gard d'Nord"" our principal train station  15 min by Metro to get ""champs Elysée""  20 min by Metro to get ""Eiffel Tower "" Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the  most artistic district of Paris Sleeps 5  Equipped kitchen with all the amenities (coffee maker, kettle, , fridge, microwaves oven)  Linen, towels, international Tv and  free wifi Near the apartment you can find ;many bars. restaurants,  trendy and arty shops, , pubs, museums, famous  portraitists, old cabarets, Moulin rouge, (website hidden) de clichy , all within a walking distance Metro Lamarck - Caulaincourt line 2 and  "" anvers"" line 2  very close to line 4 deposit (refundable at check-out time): 200 euros in cash  cleaning: 20 euros cash  A great op"
34068		Hi, I offer a bright double room right behind the Montmartre quartier.
34069	Le studio est composé d’une pièce principale avec un canapé convertible et tables basses, avec un coin cuisine tout équipé (plaque de cuisson à induction, four, four micro ondes, cafetière, réfrigérateur et congélateur, lave-linge) et une table haute pour les repas. Côté rue, un coin chambre avec un lit (140 × 190) pour deux personnes et une salle d'eau avec WC, lavabo et grand douche, vous permettront de profiter d'un espace nuit séparé pendant votre séjour. L'appartement est équipé d’un réseau Wi-Fi Internet haut-débit et d’une télévision. L'appartement a été entièrement refait à neuf. Cadre idéal pour un séjour romantique à Montmartre, le studio dispose, côté cour, d'une fenêtre avec une large vue panoramique sur Paris !!  	Charmant studio avec coin nuit de 27 m2 très lumineux et ensoleillé, calme, situé au cœur du célèbre quartier de Montmartre. Au pied du Sacré Cœur, dans une rue pavée typique, arborée et sans voitures, vue exceptionnelle sur Paris! Le studio est composé d’une pièce principale avec un canapé convertible et tables basses, avec un coin cuisine tout équipé (plaque de cuisson à induction, four, four micro ondes, cafetière, réfrigérateur et congélateur, lave-linge) et une table haute pour les repas. Côté rue, un coin chambre avec un lit (140 × 190) pour deux personnes et une salle d'eau avec WC, lavabo et grand douche, vous permettront de profiter d'un espace nuit séparé pendant votre séjour. L'appartement est équipé d’un réseau Wi-Fi Internet haut-débit et d’une télévision. L'appartement a été entièrement refait à neuf. Cadre idéal pour un séjour romantique à Montmartre, le studio dispose, côté cour, d'une fenêtre avec une large vue panoramique sur Paris !! Je suis disponible par téléphone 
34070	Cosy, very light, with a very large view from the window, well equipped, clean... and sporty! This is our flat.  It is mainly one room of about 15m2, with a bed up so you have some room underneath.  The bed is a large one for 2; you can also use a couch for 2 people (a bit less comfortable). I wrote for 4 people, that is for small budgets who don't fear to be a bit crammed. It is much better for 2 people! The toilet is in the bathroom.  The kitchen is small but it has everything you need: a fridge, an oven, hot plates, an electric kettle... The water is drinkable. So 2 people can fit comfortably (we are 2 people living in it), from 3 or 4 it is small but doable.	The studio is up on the hill of Montmartre, 5 minutes to the Sacré-coeur, and metro stations/buses; the neighbourhood is lively! It is a one room studio with a mezzanine-bed.  You can see very far from the window and there is always a lot of light! Cosy, very light, with a very large view from the window, well equipped, clean... and sporty! This is our flat.  It is mainly one room of about 15m2, with a bed up so you have some room underneath.  The bed is a large one for 2; you can also use a couch for 2 people (a bit less comfortable). I wrote for 4 people, that is for small budgets who don't fear to be a bit crammed. It is much better for 2 people! The toilet is in the bathroom.  The kitchen is small but it has everything you need: a fridge, an oven, hot plates, an electric kettle... The water is drinkable. So 2 people can fit comfortably (we are 2 people living in it), from 3 or 4 it is small but doable. Everything works well, you can cook in the oven or on hot plates, there is also 
34071	Bright, sunny top-floor Parisian apartment in beautiful Montmartre only 400 yards/meters from the Sacré Coeur Basilica with wonderful views of the entire city. Fully-equipped appliances & amenities: • Nespresso coffee maker • American-style fridge-freezer • Self-cleaning oven / induction stove • Washing machine • Flat-screen cable TV • Hi-speed (fiber optic) internet & WiFi • Bluetooth iPod speakers • Nintendo Wii + Wii Fit Neighborhood attractions: • Basilique du Sacré Coeur (500m) • Montmartre funicular • Daily street market less than 5-minute walk • Wonderful bakeries, wine shops and cheese shops • Museums: Montmartre museum/Dali museum ... • French, Italian and Japanese restaurants at foot of apartment Public transit: • Gare du Nord > Eurostar terminal + CDG/Orly trains (1 km) • Metro line 2 - Barbès-Rochechouart/Anvers (700m) • Metro lines 4/12 - Château-Rouge/Jules Joffrin/Marcadet (300m) • Buses: Bus 31 / Bus 56 / Bus 60 / Bus 80 and Bus 85 (all within walking distance)	Bright, sunny top-floor Parisian apartment in beautiful Montmartre only 400 yards/meters from the Sacré Coeur Basilica with wonderful views of the entire city. Fully-equipped appliances & amenities: • Nespresso coffee maker • American-style fridge-freezer • Self-cleaning oven / induction stove • Washing machine • Flat-screen cable TV • Hi-speed (fiber optic) internet & WiFi • Bluetooth iPod speakers • Nintendo Wii + Wii Fit Neighborhood attractions: • Basilique du Sacré Coeur (500m) • Montmartre funicular • Daily street market less than 5-minute walk • Wonderful bakeries, wine shops and cheese shops • Museums: Montmartre museum/Dali museum ... • French, Italian and Japanese restaurants at foot of apartment Public transit: • Gare du Nord > Eurostar terminal + CDG/Orly trains (1 km) • Metro line 2 - Barbès-Rochechouart/Anvers (700m) • Metro lines 4/12 - Château-Rouge/Jules Joffrin/Marcadet (300m) • Buses: Bus 31 / Bus 56 / Bus 60 / Bus 80 and Bus 85 (all within walking distance) Easy acc
34072	Le planétarium haute définition qui projette sur le plafond de votre chambre crée le spectacle du ciel étoilé.  Un petit bureau est disponible. Une multiprise est installé ce qui permet de brancher portable et pc..., la chambre qui ferme à clef.  Accès de plusieurs jouets pour les enfants; jouets peluches.	Charmante chambre indépendante 14 m2, lit double,  salle de bains 5 m2 avec baignoire, 3 étage dans un appartement neuf et lumineux, maison moderne de quartier vert, 15 min à pied de Montmartre. Bon ambiance pour les voyageurs, petit déjeuner. Le planétarium haute définition qui projette sur le plafond de votre chambre crée le spectacle du ciel étoilé.  Un petit bureau est disponible. Une multiprise est installé ce qui permet de brancher portable et pc..., la chambre qui ferme à clef.  Accès de plusieurs jouets pour les enfants; jouets peluches. A votre disposition : Internet WiFi;  cuisine : micro-onde, réfrigérateur ; chambre: placard, petit bureau, grand  miroir,  salle de bain 5 m carré: machine à laver, sèche-linge, sèche-cheveux, balcon – véranda : table, chaises pour petit déjeuner. Les enfants 4 ans et +  bienvenue! Messagerie internet: Merci de m’écrire:  (email hidden) ou (email hidden). Je pourrais vous répondre dans quelques heures. De nombreux supermarchés, restaurants fra
34073	"DESCRIPTION :  Cosy flat, Ideal and perfect for a single person, couple or friends traveling together ! Very nice, sunny and charming  flat 1 livingroom 1 kitchen 1 bedroom 1 bathroom It is perfect for a couple and for friends traveling together. Really well situated between metro Guy Moquet (13) and metro Jules joffrin (12) in the 18th arrondisement of Paris. It is within easy walking distance of Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur, with its cute cafe's and restaurants and which gives an amazing view over Paris, as well as Abbesses, Place de Clichy, Blanche and Pigalle (always good for a lively night out!). The nearest metro is less than 5 minutes by foot, making this a perfect base for exploring the city. If you want to take the high-Speed Train (in french ""TGV"" and Eurostar) to Lille, London, Brussels, Bruges or Amsterdam, the railway station ""Garde du Nord"" is 15 minutes bus. The railway station ""Gare de L'Est"" (20 minutes on bus) you can visit the East of France. The Line 12 will take "	"DESCRIPTION :  Cosy flat, Ideal and perfect for a single person, couple or friends traveling together ! Very nice, sunny and charming  flat 1 livingroom 1 kitchen 1 bedroom 1 bathroom It is perfect for a couple and for friends traveling together. Really well situated between metro Guy Moquet (13) and metro Jules joffrin (12) in the 18th arrondisement of Paris. It is within easy walking distance of Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur, with its cute cafe's and restaurants and which gives an amazing view over Paris, as well as Abbesses, Place de Clichy, Blanche and Pigalle (always good for a lively night out!). The nearest metro is less than 5 minutes by foot, making this a perfect base for exploring the city. If you want to take the high-Speed Train (in french ""TGV"" and Eurostar) to Lille, London, Brussels, Bruges or Amsterdam, the railway station ""Garde du Nord"" is 15 minutes bus. The railway station ""Gare de L'Est"" (20 minutes on bus) you can visit the East of France. The Line 12 will take "
34074	Fully equipped apartment:  -Comfortable sofa bed BZ type -high speed internet (optical fiber) -Plates, mugs, etc -Microwave  -Italian coffee maker The bathroom offers a shower, toilet and sink.  	A charming apartment, 19m2 second floor, located in the very heart of Montmartre, in close proximity to the Moulin de la Galette and just a 10 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur. Very quiet and pleasant place, perfect for a romantic stay in Paris. Fully equipped apartment:  -Comfortable sofa bed BZ type -high speed internet (optical fiber) -Plates, mugs, etc -Microwave  -Italian coffee maker The bathroom offers a shower, toilet and sink. Full access to the apartment. There is a lot of restaurants, bakeries and shops around. Montmartre is a nice place for holidays. -Metro Abbesses line 12 direct to Pigalle, Concorde, Montparnasse -Metro Blanche line 2 direct to the Champs-Elysées, Belleville, Nation -BUS Montmartrobus stop 88 rue Lepic  -Velib (bikes for rent)
34075	Calm & safe, 4th floor, all shops nearby, metro lines 4 & 12 + bus 31- 60- 80 et 85 + Montmartrobus or 15mn walk Abbesses/Montmartre. Turntable & coffee machine. Cat in the apartment : the neighbor will feed it once a day.	Calme et sécurisé, 4è étage lumineux, proche tout commerce (rue du Poteau/Ordener), métro 4 & 12 + bus 31- 60- 80 et 85 + Montmartrobus ou 15mn à pied Abbesses/Montmartre. Platine vinyle et machine à café. Chat sur place nourri par la voisine 1x/j. Calm & safe, 4th floor, all shops nearby, metro lines 4 & 12 + bus 31- 60- 80 et 85 + Montmartrobus or 15mn walk Abbesses/Montmartre. Turntable & coffee machine. Cat in the apartment : the neighbor will feed it once a day. I will email you all information you need and tips about the cool things to see and visit in Paris + maps and directions from the airport or the train station to my place. I will also leave a metro and city map for you + address for the supermarkets and shops nearby. Gare St Lazare (line 12) / Gare de l'Est & Gare du Nord (line 4) : 10min metro (direct line) Gare Montparnasse (line 12) : 25min metro (direct line) Gare de Lyon (line 12 & 14) : 25min metro
34076	I would like to open my home to you: ideally situated in trendy rue des Martyrs, between Pigalle and Abbesses tube stations our one-bedroom flat will be a perfect departure point to visit Montmartre and the whole capital. Fitted with all commodities, it is a guarantee of a comfortable and hassle-free stay. Decorated with taste and attention to details, this is a designer apartment with personality and comfort. Typical Parisian and charming apartment. It's very quite in a busy areas of Montmatre. 	Ideally situated in trendy rue des Martyrs, at Abbesses tube station our 1 bedroom flat will be a perfect departure point to visit Montmartre and the whole capital. Fitted with all commodities, it is a guarantee of a comfortable and hassle-free stay. I would like to open my home to you: ideally situated in trendy rue des Martyrs, between Pigalle and Abbesses tube stations our one-bedroom flat will be a perfect departure point to visit Montmartre and the whole capital. Fitted with all commodities, it is a guarantee of a comfortable and hassle-free stay. Decorated with taste and attention to details, this is a designer apartment with personality and comfort. Typical Parisian and charming apartment. It's very quite in a busy areas of Montmatre.  This 1 Bedroom apartment is in a walk up building and it sleeps 2 people; very comfortable, the flat offers all you may need during your stay in the city (WiFi, TV, fully equipped kitchen, microwave, washing machine and dryer). Most importantly: a
34077	I spent my all life in Paris. My flat is typical from parisian lifestyle : it's important to have a nice kitchen to cook in, a cool living room to have a glass of wine... Located on the 4th floor, this flat is full of light. I work as a creative strategist in design agency, my flat is nice as you can imagine. The parents bedroom overlooks the courtyard so its very quiet at night (anyway the street is very calm when it's time to go to bed...).	"Located down Montmartre (10 minutes by feet), large flat composed by a big living room, big kitchen (you can diner in), parents room, kid room. The sofa is very large & convertible for two adults. the street is very nice for shopping food. I spent my all life in Paris. My flat is typical from parisian lifestyle : it's important to have a nice kitchen to cook in, a cool living room to have a glass of wine... Located on the 4th floor, this flat is full of light. I work as a creative strategist in design agency, my flat is nice as you can imagine. The parents bedroom overlooks the courtyard so its very quiet at night (anyway the street is very calm when it's time to go to bed...). You will have access to everything. Just give me a call or a text anytime you need. A little welcome book will wait for you so that you feel like home and like a parisian.  Of course, a bottle of wine and cheese will wait for you. The ""rue du Poteau"" is very nice for shopping foof, wine, the best cheese shop of "
34078	Totally refurbished (June 2015) 4 room flat in charming Montmartre, Paris. Living-room with amazing view of Paris, from the Triumph Arc to Les Invalides with the Eiffel-tower in the middle. 2 bedrooms with double bed (140 cm) with Tempur mattress in one. 1 room with bunk bed (90 cm), solid enough for 2 adults. Kitchen and bathroom are modern and refurbished recently. Apartment located on 6th floor, no elevator. If you travel with small kids there is a locked space for strollers on the ground-floor. In the room with the bunk bed there is also a crib. Very lively neighborhood with all facilities down the street (all kind of stores from food to clothing and plenty of great bars and restaurants). Residential area, although close to Sacre Coeur,  Moulin Rouge and other tourist attractions. Small park with a nice play-yard 5 minutes from the flat. Closest tube stations: Abbesses or Pigalle Ideal housing in a very Parisian picturesque and safe area!	Enjoy an amazing view of Paris from our flat under the roofs in Montmartre. Comfortable beds for up to 6 people and a room full of toys if you travel with kids. The neighborhood is excellent and very picturesque, with easy access to subway and buses. Totally refurbished (June 2015) 4 room flat in charming Montmartre, Paris. Living-room with amazing view of Paris, from the Triumph Arc to Les Invalides with the Eiffel-tower in the middle. 2 bedrooms with double bed (140 cm) with Tempur mattress in one. 1 room with bunk bed (90 cm), solid enough for 2 adults. Kitchen and bathroom are modern and refurbished recently. Apartment located on 6th floor, no elevator. If you travel with small kids there is a locked space for strollers on the ground-floor. In the room with the bunk bed there is also a crib. Very lively neighborhood with all facilities down the street (all kind of stores from food to clothing and plenty of great bars and restaurants). Residential area, although close to Sacre Coeur
34079		Je sous-loue mon appartement/LOFT de 50m2 dans le 18e du Samedi 22 Novembre au Samedi 13 décembre inclus (Soit 3 semaines). C'est un RDC sur cour avec mezzanine (Lit queenSize, 1m90 de hauteur dans la mezzanine). Cuisine ouverte équipée.
34080	Welcome to my typical Parisian apartment in the heart of Paris The apartment is very bright and was recently fully renovated.  It is located in the pleasant district near Montmartre  with many good shops and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: -      Montmartre : 5 minutes walking distance -Tour Eiffel: 35 minutes by metro -      Garnier opera: 20 minutes by bus -      Les champs Elysėes - arc de triomphe : 15 minutes direct metro -Le Louvre: 20 minutes by bus -Notre-Dame: 25 minutes by metro -Moulin rouge: 20 minutes by walking distance -And many more! Presentation of the apartment:  The apartment is on the first floor close to the subway Living-room/bedroom / Kitchen /  bathroom : with true one true bed, Internet access, big tv... Kitchen: washer, fridge/freezer, cooking plates, oven, coffee machine, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar) Bedroom : double bed, table Bathroom: bathtub/shower, water closet (toilet paper provided),	Good place near montmartre by feet :) Welcome to my typical Parisian apartment in the heart of Paris The apartment is very bright and was recently fully renovated.  It is located in the pleasant district near Montmartre  with many good shops and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: -      Montmartre : 5 minutes walking distance -Tour Eiffel: 35 minutes by metro -      Garnier opera: 20 minutes by bus -      Les champs Elysėes - arc de triomphe : 15 minutes direct metro -Le Louvre: 20 minutes by bus -Notre-Dame: 25 minutes by metro -Moulin rouge: 20 minutes by walking distance -And many more! Presentation of the apartment:  The apartment is on the first floor close to the subway Living-room/bedroom / Kitchen /  bathroom : with true one true bed, Internet access, big tv... Kitchen: washer, fridge/freezer, cooking plates, oven, coffee machine, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar) Bedroom : double bed, table Bathroom: bathtub/shower,
34081	A 50m2 flat totally renovated in 2012. Modern and warmly decorated. 4 rooms (bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom) distinct and well proportioned, served by a large entrance. Continuous balcony connecting the bedroom and the living room, overlooking a quiet square. Spectacular views (directly to the Sacré Coeur) Located in one of the most famous street in Paris (between Montmartre and Caulaincourt). The ideal place to discover Paris for few days or a week. 	"Lovely and quiet apartment of 50m2 (1 bedroom + 1 living room), modern and functional. Spectacular view on the ""Sacré Coeur"". Ideally located between Montmartre and Caulaincourt  in one of the hypest streets of Paris. Ideal for 2/3 people.  A 50m2 flat totally renovated in 2012. Modern and warmly decorated. 4 rooms (bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom) distinct and well proportioned, served by a large entrance. Continuous balcony connecting the bedroom and the living room, overlooking a quiet square. Spectacular views (directly to the Sacré Coeur) Located in one of the most famous street in Paris (between Montmartre and Caulaincourt). The ideal place to discover Paris for few days or a week.  Guests have access to the full flat and can freely use the kitchen and bathroom.  I am available to give all the information needed before your arrival in Paris : goods tips, convenient public transit, neighborhood...  I will send you a topo one week before your arrival with all the useful "
34082	Unique - Maison/Hôtel particulier situé, en plein cœur de Montmartre, dans un passage privatif arboré, à 5 min du Sacré-Cœur. Avec terrasse sur le toit ! A partir de 311€ la nuit ! La Demeure de Montmartre rouvre enfin ses portes, après un an d'absence ! Je suis ravie de vous accueillir à nouveau dans notre superbe demeure :) Six pièces : 4 chambres avec chacune salle-de-bains/douche et wc, grand salon-salle-à-manger, cuisine équipée, buanderie. Très belle hauteur sous plafond de 4 mètres type atelier. Dans le salon-salle-à-manger : parquet, cheminée et grandes baies vitrées.  La pièce est munie d’une grande table vous permettant de dîner à 8. Entièrement rénovée en 2009, notre maison vous offre des prestations de qualité et un confort incomparable : 4 lits en 160cm de grande qualité et aucun bruit de voitures. Terrasse plein sud toute équipée de 70m2 sur le toit qui vous permet de vous détendre en plein air et au calme : grande table avec parasol, barbecue, transats et coin salon 5 pl	"A 5 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur, magnifique maison type ""atelier d'artiste"" de 170 m2 avec une terrasse plein ciel au calme dans un passage privatif. 4 chambres, chacune avec sa salle de bain et ses WC privés. Nuit à partir de 311 euros pour 8 pers Unique - Maison/Hôtel particulier situé, en plein cœur de Montmartre, dans un passage privatif arboré, à 5 min du Sacré-Cœur. Avec terrasse sur le toit ! A partir de 311€ la nuit ! La Demeure de Montmartre rouvre enfin ses portes, après un an d'absence ! Je suis ravie de vous accueillir à nouveau dans notre superbe demeure :) Six pièces : 4 chambres avec chacune salle-de-bains/douche et wc, grand salon-salle-à-manger, cuisine équipée, buanderie. Très belle hauteur sous plafond de 4 mètres type atelier. Dans le salon-salle-à-manger : parquet, cheminée et grandes baies vitrées.  La pièce est munie d’une grande table vous permettant de dîner à 8. Entièrement rénovée en 2009, notre maison vous offre des prestations de qualité et un confort inc"
34083		Appartement lumineux de 3 pièces rénovés mi 2014 dans un quartier calme du 18 ème, à moins de 2 km à pied du Sacré cœur et de la butte montmarte. Bright 3 room apartment renovated mid-2014 in a quiet area of the 18th, less than 2 km walk the Sacred 
34084	On the first floor of a beautiful 1890 building, just in front of metro Anvers (line2), a lovely 45m2 apartment: living-room and separate bedroom with typical Parisian XIXth century hard wood floor, moldings and fireplace. The great layout of the apartment allows perfect privacy for 2 couples or parents and children. The bedroom, with full-sized bed, looks out onto a quiet and flowered inside court. The living-room, with full-sized sofa-bed, has a view of a cobbled pedestrian street, typically Montmartrois. The bathroom has a very large shower and the toilets are independant. The kitchen is fully fitted: oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge and freezer, coffee machine, boiler, toaster and all you need to prepare and enjoy your french delicacies!! 	"""Charme parisien"" just at the steps of Sacré Coeur, ""holy heart"" of Montmartre On the first floor of a beautiful 1890 building, just in front of metro Anvers (line2), a lovely 45m2 apartment: living-room and separate bedroom with typical Parisian XIXth century hard wood floor, moldings and fireplace. The great layout of the apartment allows perfect privacy for 2 couples or parents and children. The bedroom, with full-sized bed, looks out onto a quiet and flowered inside court. The living-room, with full-sized sofa-bed, has a view of a cobbled pedestrian street, typically Montmartrois. The bathroom has a very large shower and the toilets are independant. The kitchen is fully fitted: oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge and freezer, coffee machine, boiler, toaster and all you need to prepare and enjoy your french delicacies!! The apartment is equiped with WIFI fast connection, flat screen TV (international and movie channels), hairdryer, iron. Sheets and towels are provided. Just in front"
34085	For rent from July 26 to August 20, 2013, apartment 38m2, 4th floor, south facing, with elevator! 2 minutes from the tube station Lamarck-Caulincourt, line 12 and next to the bus 80, near the shops of rue Lamarck and rue Caulaincourt. 5 min by walk from the Sacre Coeur. Located in a quiet street (dead end) with a view of the park Suzanne Buisson! Large room of 14 m2 overlooking a private garden. Flooring, moldings, fireplaces in the living room and bedroom. Kitchen with oven, gas hob, dishwasher. Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine. Separate (website hidden), DVD player + Internet. Ideal for a single person or a couple in love of Montmartre!	For rent from July 26 to August 20, 2013, apartment 38m2, 4th floor, south facing, with elevator! 2 minutes from the tube station Lamarck-Caulincourt, line 12 and next to the bus 80, near the shops of rue Lamarck and rue Caulaincourt. 5 min by walk from the Sacre Coeur. Located in a quiet street (dead end) with a view of the park Suzanne Buisson! Large room of 14 m2 overlooking a private garden. Flooring, moldings, fireplaces in the living room and bedroom. Kitchen with oven, gas hob, dishwasher. Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine. Separate (website hidden), DVD player + Internet. Ideal for a single person or a couple in love of Montmartre!
34086	Nice room in Montmartre!  for a long stay I can make you a price !  Located in an old typical Hausmann-style building, in a charming area 2 min. walking distance to the Lamarck metro station and 5 minutes from the Sacré Coeur. Close to great little bistrots, bars, lovely cafés, supermarkets, convenience stores, small theaters and plenty of shops.  The apartment has  a big bedroom with a large window facing a courtyard (san vis-a-vis), a spacious kitchen and lots of sunlight.  the bedroom has a confortable double bed and large wardrobe. The kitchen is fully equipped - electric stove, electric oven, washing machine, fridge, utensils, plates, pots etc. Bed linen and towels provided. Wireless internet. Many artists had studios or worked in Montmartre such as Modigliani, Monet, Mondrian and Van Gogh. It is a vibrant and trendy yet traditional neighborhood, with breath-taking views of Paris and many secret spots to be discovered. Just off the top of the butte, Espace Dalí showcases surrealis	Nice room in Montmartre!  for a long stay I can make you a price !  Located in an old typical Hausmann-style building, in a charming area 2 min. walking distance to the Lamarck metro station and 5 minutes from the Sacré Coeur. Close to great little bistrots, bars, lovely cafés, supermarkets, convenience stores, small theaters and plenty of shops.  The apartment has  a big bedroom with a large window facing a courtyard (san vis-a-vis), a spacious kitchen and lots of sunlight.  the bedroom has a confortable double bed and large wardrobe. The kitchen is fully equipped - electric stove, electric oven, washing machine, fridge, utensils, plates, pots etc. Bed linen and towels provided. Wireless internet. Many artists had studios or worked in Montmartre such as Modigliani, Monet, Mondrian and Van Gogh. It is a vibrant and trendy yet traditional neighborhood, with breath-taking views of Paris and many secret spots to be discovered. Just off the top of the butte, Espace Dalí showcases surrealis
34087	On the top of Montmartre hill, a few meters from Sacre Coeur church. The apartment is about 60 square meters. Really quiet-located on a garden, cosy, clean. There is a double bed in the bedroom, a big living room and a big kitchen and a nice bathroom (that we will share if i am here when you come). Secured building  Property all equipped : Internet wifi, Washing machine, Hair dryer, Bed linen, Blanket. Bath towels not provided. Subway : Lamarck Caulaincourt (Line 12), a few meters from my flat. And also many buses to go all around Paris NO smoking 20 euros will be asked for cleaning fee if you stay from 3 days to 7 days - 30 euros after 7 days .  A lot of restaurants, and markets and supermarkets in the street and all around. Beautiful place with points of interest to visit : Basilique du sacre coeur, Place du tertre, Moulin Rouge,... Discover the beautiful village of Montmartre in the middle of Paris ! 	On the top of Montmartre hill, a few meters from Sacre Coeur church. The apartment is about 60 square meters. Really quiet-located on a garden, cosy, clean. There is a double bed in the bedroom, a big living room and a big kitchen and a nice bathroom (that we will share if i am here when you come). Secured building  Property all equipped : Internet wifi, Washing machine, Hair dryer, Bed linen, Blanket. Bath towels not provided. Subway : Lamarck Caulaincourt (Line 12), a few meters from my flat. And also many buses to go all around Paris NO smoking 20 euros will be asked for cleaning fee if you stay from 3 days to 7 days - 30 euros after 7 days .  A lot of restaurants, and markets and supermarkets in the street and all around. Beautiful place with points of interest to visit : Basilique du sacre coeur, Place du tertre, Moulin Rouge,... Discover the beautiful village of Montmartre in the middle of Paris ! 
34088		Au Troisième étage, avec un charmant balcon avec une magnifique point de vue sur la rue Lamarck et sa belle architecture haussmannienne. L'appartement se trouve à moins de 100 mètres du métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt (ligne 12) L'appartement se trouve à 50 mètres du métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt donc très pratique pour le métro. Il y a aussi la possibilité de Bus 80 et des stations de Velibs proche.
34089	It's a furnished flat (230ftsq), close to Montmartre. It is perfect for a single person or a couple. There is a mezzanine (which adds an extra 50ftsq) 	It's a furnished flat (230ftsq), close to Montmartre. It is perfect for a single person or a couple. There is a mezzanine (which adds an extra 50ftsq) The flat is nice, neighbours are very friendly. It is not far from the subway lines 4, 12 and 13. It's a furnished flat (230ftsq), close to Montmartre. It is perfect for a single person or a couple. There is a mezzanine (which adds an extra 50ftsq) 
34090	Ideally located in the district of Abbesses in a quiet courtyard, near  restaurants, shops and Metro station Abesse (Line 12) and the   Metro station Blanche  line 2) ,completely renovated. If you come by car you will find a place to park. It is a small house for 4 people between Moulin Rouge and Abesses in a very quiet yard at the bottom of Montmartre hill near restaurants ,shops and metro stations, if you come by car you will easily find a parking place. It consist of a living room with a sofa coach  and a kitchen area with a table for 4 guest, the bedroom has large double bed 160X200. The kitchen has microwave oven heating plates  dish washer  , there is a nespresso machine for the amateurs of good coffe. the sanitary is equipped with a Shower, wash basin and a WC;Newly refurbished.  it comprises a large and confortable bedroom with a 160X200 bed and a bright living room with a convertible sofa 140x200 , a dining bar table for 4 guests , a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom . All	Ideally located in the district of Abbesses in a quiet courtyard, near  restaurants, shops and Metro station Abesse (Line 12) and the   Metro station Blanche  line 2) ,completely renovated. If you come by car you will find a place to park. It is a small house for 4 people between Moulin Rouge and Abesses in a very quiet yard at the bottom of Montmartre hill near restaurants ,shops and metro stations, if you come by car you will easily find a parking place. It consist of a living room with a sofa coach  and a kitchen area with a table for 4 guest, the bedroom has large double bed 160X200. The kitchen has microwave oven heating plates  dish washer  , there is a nespresso machine for the amateurs of good coffe. the sanitary is equipped with a Shower, wash basin and a WC;Newly refurbished.  it comprises a large and confortable bedroom with a 160X200 bed and a bright living room with a convertible sofa 140x200 , a dining bar table for 4 guests , a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom . All
34091		Nice little studio (26m2) in a living Montmartre.  My flat is very closed to Montmartre & Sacré coeur. It's also near to subway (Abesses & Anvers) if you wish to visit other district or landmarks. Neighborhood pretty young but respectful.  Nice place to get in touch with people.
34092	It's composed of a fully fursnished american kitchen: oven, washing machine,  This is a parisian apartment to rent in a really typical area of Paris, double bed-very close to Montmartre. Located in front of Amelie Poulain's grocery. My flat is in the center of Paris and in the middle of Montmartre. 	"It's composed of a fully fursnished american kitchen: oven, washing machine,  This is a parisian apartment to rent in a really typical area of Paris, double bed-very close to Montmartre. Located in front of Amelie Poulain's grocery. My flat is in the center of Paris and in the middle of Montmartre. My flat is composed of a fully fursnished american kitchen: oven, washing machine, microwaves, coffee and tea machine. Internet connection. There is a single double bed in the corner of the spacious and bright living room The place is also close to rue des Abbesses a very dynamic street with a lot of pubs and typical parisian restaurants! Nice places to get  drinks with your friends. Special tips: I love to go at Chez Camille down the street. Shopping and groceries:  There are lots of shops and really nice café s & restaurants around, and it's also close to the Espace Dali The place is located in Montmartre close to Sacré Coeur. The nearest metro stations is ""Abbesses"", station velib is less"
34093	this apartment has the very good location. It is quiet for relax because it is situated at the  3rd Floor. and it will offre you a fantastic time in the heart of paris with a small budget  It compose: 1 bedroom + 1 living room + kitchen + 1 bath room with toillet. It offers every comfort needed and conditions for 2-6 people to stay well : 1 double-bed in bed room + 2 double-sofa-bed in living room + Unlimited internet access + 1 big TV + Fully equipped kitchen + microwave + coffee machine + kettle + iron and ironing board + bed sheets and towels. Our flat is in the centre of Paris. And it is also between MONTMARTRE and GARE DU NORD which is the biggest trains station in Paris even in Europe. ( It has the train 'RER-B' which directly links with the Airport Charle-du-Gaulle and it has many TGVs to many europe countries and EUROSTART to London). The station GARE DU NORD totally has the 3 lines of trains (RER-B,RER-D, RER-C) and 2 line of métros (line2 and line4) and TGVs , EUROSTART as we	This apartment has the very good location. It is quiet for relax because it is situated at the  3rd Floor. and it will offre you a fantastic time in the heart of paris with a small budget  It compose: 1 bedroom + 1 living room + kitchen + 1 bath room with toillet. It offers every comfort needed and conditions for 2-6 people to stay well : 1 double-bed in bed room + 2 double-sofa-bed in living room + Unlimited internet access + 1 TV + Fully equipped kitchen + microwave + coffee machine + kettle + iron and ironing board + bed sheets and towels. Our flat is in the centre of Paris. And it is also between MONTMARTRE and GARE DU NORD which is the biggest trains station in Paris even in Europe. ( It has the train 'RER-B' which directly links with the Airport Charle-du-Gaulle and it has many TGVs to many europe countries and EUROSTART to London). The station GARE DU NORD totally has the 3 lines of trains (RER-B,RER-D, RER-C) and 2 line of métros (line2 and line4) and TGVs , EUROSTART as well. 
34094		Situé dans le XVIII me arrdt de Paris, ce loft lumineux est idéal pour un couple en voyage dans la capitale. (possibilité d'un couchage d'appoint supplémentaire.) Non loin de Montmartre, ce loft avec un jardin privatif vous permet de vous relaxer... La halle pajol avec ses terrasses , épicerie américaine et concept stores. Le marche de l' olive. Métro Marx Dormoy a 100 mètres. A proximité également de la gare de l est et de la Gare du Nord.
34095	"This is a walk-up building (no elevator). The access is secured with a code and interphone. And then hi ho, up you go! You'll be staying on the 6th and top floor. Nothing above you but the stars.  You will enjoy a complete open outlook, very relaxing for the eye.  Perfect for two  the flat consists of: - One bedroom with Queen size bed (160x200) (sheets, pillows, and couettes supplied) - One living room with lounge sofa (""Togo Ligne Roset"") = possible accommodation for 1 person+ child mattress - One bathroom (hairdryer, towels) - One small Kitchen: fridge, oven, double gaz burner stove, rice cooker, toaster, several coffee machines (Nespresso, Italian style, french press), kettle, basic cooking supplies, pots and saucepans. - Separated Toilets, equiped with a washing machine (+ iron and board) - High speed Internet wifi and Telephone (numerous international free connections) Very warm, and well heated, the flat offers 4 big windows with bright light. "	"Charming and cosy little flat (33m2), very bright, a 10 min walk to the Butte Montmartre or the famous St Ouen flea market. A small nest under the roofs, 6th and top floor, walk-in building(no lift!), perfect to relax after a busy day around Paris. This is a walk-up building (no elevator). The access is secured with a code and interphone. And then hi ho, up you go! You'll be staying on the 6th and top floor. Nothing above you but the stars.  You will enjoy a complete open outlook, very relaxing for the eye.  Perfect for two  the flat consists of: - One bedroom with Queen size bed (160x200) (sheets, pillows, and couettes supplied) - One living room with lounge sofa (""Togo Ligne Roset"") = possible accommodation for 1 person+ child mattress - One bathroom (hairdryer, towels) - One small Kitchen: fridge, oven, double gaz burner stove, rice cooker, toaster, several coffee machines (Nespresso, Italian style, french press), kettle, basic cooking supplies, pots and saucepans. - Separated Toile"
34096	Appartement parisien de 2 pièces situé au 2ème étage sur cour calme. D'une surface de 20m2, il comprend un séjour, une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, une salle de douche, une chambre avec grand lit de 160 cm et une salle de bain séparée. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, four, plaques vitrocéramique et lave-linge) et dispose d'une fenêtre donnant sur une courette. La salle de bain dispose d'une douche de pluie d’un WC.  Le séjour est équipé d’une table pour vos repas et également d’un petit bureau afin que vous puissiez travailler dans la quiétude.  ------------------------------- Located on the 2nd floor of a 3-floors building, the flat is 20m2 big. It entails a living room, a kitchen opening on the living-room, a parental bedroom with a Queen-size bed, as well as separated toilets. The whole flat still has its wooden floor (except for the kitchen and bathroom). The kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, oven, ceramic stove, washing machine. The bathroom has a rain 	Appartement parisien de 2 pièces situé dans un quartier populaire près de la Butte Montmartre. Il est idéalement situé pour se déplacer en ville. Il comprend une salle de séjour, une chambre, une cuisine, une salle-de-bain avec douche et toilettes. Appartement parisien de 2 pièces situé au 2ème étage sur cour calme. D'une surface de 20m2, il comprend un séjour, une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, une salle de douche, une chambre avec grand lit de 160 cm et une salle de bain séparée. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, four, plaques vitrocéramique et lave-linge) et dispose d'une fenêtre donnant sur une courette. La salle de bain dispose d'une douche de pluie d’un WC.  Le séjour est équipé d’une table pour vos repas et également d’un petit bureau afin que vous puissiez travailler dans la quiétude.  ------------------------------- Located on the 2nd floor of a 3-floors building, the flat is 20m2 big. It entails a living room, a kitchen opening on the living-room, a parental 
34097	A peacefull place to chill in a middle of one of the most famous streets in Paris. This typical parisian apartment has a lot of space. Very well decorated. South oriented and calm. 5 people can enjoy a very independant and comfortable environment.	Beautifull apartment in les Abbesses (+100 sqm) calm and South oriented: 1 big living room with Tv, cable, audio system, 3 very comfortable bedrooms (one has a private shower). 1 big bathroom with 2 sinks. 1 fully equiped kitchen: fridge, dish washer A peacefull place to chill in a middle of one of the most famous streets in Paris. This typical parisian apartment has a lot of space. Very well decorated. South oriented and calm. 5 people can enjoy a very independant and comfortable environment. As a real parisian, I know Paris by heart and I would love to share tips and advices about lovely restaurants, fancy shopping places or unknown touristics sites. As I use to say: les Abbesses... and around Paris... Beautifull area full of restaurants, bars, fashion boutiques, food stores and many lovely places to visit: hidden streets with small houses, unknown backyards and fabulous views on the city. Very easy access to 3 differents subway lines: Abbesses (80m - line 12), Blanche and Pigalle (2
34098	Our lovely apartment is located in a great part of the 18th arrondissement, near the town hall, in the Jules Joffrin area. The apartment is spacious, with a large living-room. The bedroom has a comfortable bed for 2 people, and the sofa in the living-room also turns into a bed for 2. In total the apartment can host up to 4 guests. It is on  the 1st floor, with no elevator.	Welcome to Paris! Our lovely apartment is located in a great part of the 18th arrondissement, near the town hall, in the Jules Joffrin area. The apartment is spacious, with a large living-room. The bedroom has a comfortable bed for 2 people, and the sofa in the living-room also turns into a bed for 2. In total the apartment can host up to 4 guests. It is on  the 1st floor, with no elevator. You will have the whole apartment for yourselves, and will be able to enjoy modern equipment: -oven -microwave -washing machine -vitro-ceramic plates -Nespresso machine -Large HD TV -Fast wifi internet  All bed linen and towels are provided. I remain available via email or text, should you have any questions during your stay. The neighbourhood is great, with a relaxed and family atmosphere. You will find everything you need on your doorstep: bakery, grocery store, supermarket, butcher, market (twice weekly), bank, pharmacy etc... There are also plenty of restaurants, cafes and bars nearby. Sacre Cœu
34099		En plein coeur de montmartre, un studio cosy idéal pour un couple.  Vous trouverez à proximité tous les commerces de la rue des Abbesses (boulangerie, boucherie, traiteur, restaurants, bar, supermarché, tabac ... )
34100	Our flat is located on the fifth & sixth floors of a six-floor century old building. There's no lift but that's easy exercise. It's a duplex of 70m2 (750 sq ft) with two bedrooms, one bathroom (with bath tub and shower), one toilet, a kitchen, dining space and living space.  the flat sleeps 4 adults (plus a baby) -One bedroom (baby's room) has a 140x200cm folding bed plus a crib that we'll put away if not used. -One room has a 160x200cm bed.   We'll provide clean sheets and towels.  We also have a fireplace for winter nights and a balcony for summer wine-sipping evenings enjoying the sunset!	Welcome to our nest! We are a family of 3 & we offer our two-bedroom flat to rent when we go out of town. We've had plenty of Airbnb guests before, we like to think that it was always very successful! We love our neighborhood, you will too! Our flat is located on the fifth & sixth floors of a six-floor century old building. There's no lift but that's easy exercise. It's a duplex of 70m2 (750 sq ft) with two bedrooms, one bathroom (with bath tub and shower), one toilet, a kitchen, dining space and living space.  the flat sleeps 4 adults (plus a baby) -One bedroom (baby's room) has a 140x200cm folding bed plus a crib that we'll put away if not used. -One room has a 160x200cm bed.   We'll provide clean sheets and towels.  We also have a fireplace for winter nights and a balcony for summer wine-sipping evenings enjoying the sunset! Guests will have access to the whole flat, all kitchen equipment (dishes, coffee machine, kettle, dishwasher, microwave...), bath and shower, washing machine, h
34101	Dès ma première visite de ce studio, j'ai été charmée par son extrême luminosité. Avec son exposition plein sud et son emplacement idéal au 6ème étage, sa vue dégagée sur le ciel bleu et le sacré-coeur, ce studio constitue un havre de paix et de tranquillité après une journée trépidante dans la capitale ! Sans aucun vis-à-vis, le studio baigne matin comme soir dans une belle lumière. Situé à 100m du métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12) et à 400m du métro Marcadet Poissonniers (lignes 4 et 12), desservi par les bus (phone number hidden) et Montmartrobus, vous serez idéalement situés pour parcourir la butte Montmatre ou tout simplement pour rejoindre le coeur de la capitale (à 15 minutes de Châtelet-Les Halles, 25 minutes du Louvre, 20 minutes des Champs-Elysées). Le quartier compte de nombreux commerces (boulangeries, supermarchés, primeurs, fromager, caviste) et le marché du Poteau est à 5 minutes à pieds, enfin de nombreux restaurants et bars vous accueillerons pour dîner ou tout simplement	Charmant studio de 17m2 au 6è étage avec ascenseur, pour 1 ou 2 personnes (canapé lit de 1m60 moderne et très confortable) dont la vue sur le Sacré Coeur illuminé la nuit vous laissera d'inoubliables souvenirs ! Proche métro (L4 et 12) et commerces. Dès ma première visite de ce studio, j'ai été charmée par son extrême luminosité. Avec son exposition plein sud et son emplacement idéal au 6ème étage, sa vue dégagée sur le ciel bleu et le sacré-coeur, ce studio constitue un havre de paix et de tranquillité après une journée trépidante dans la capitale ! Sans aucun vis-à-vis, le studio baigne matin comme soir dans une belle lumière. Situé à 100m du métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12) et à 400m du métro Marcadet Poissonniers (lignes 4 et 12), desservi par les bus (phone number hidden) et Montmartrobus, vous serez idéalement situés pour parcourir la butte Montmatre ou tout simplement pour rejoindre le coeur de la capitale (à 15 minutes de Châtelet-Les Halles, 25 minutes du Louvre, 20 minutes des 
34102	Le studio est situé en plein centre d'un quartier animé mais niché au creux d'une impasse calme.  La cour privative vous séduira aux beaux jours lors de vos petits déjeuner ou apéro ! Petite mais très propre salle d'eau (serviettes propres et sèche-cheveux inclus), kitchenette équipée (réfrigérateur, micro-onde, Nespresso, Bouilloire, plaques électriques, casserole, poêle, vaisselles), le canapé lit aussi pratique que douillet par 160x200cm (oreillers, draps, et couettes inclus). Le studio est équipé également d'une Wifi, d'une télévision, d'un fer à repasser, d'une station enceinte Bose.	Très joli studio donnant sur une cour privative fleurie et situé dans une rue au calme! Peut loger deux personnes dans un quartier animé, typiquement Parisien en plein centre de Montmartre. Le studio est neuf, accueillant et fonctionnel !  Le studio est situé en plein centre d'un quartier animé mais niché au creux d'une impasse calme.  La cour privative vous séduira aux beaux jours lors de vos petits déjeuner ou apéro ! Petite mais très propre salle d'eau (serviettes propres et sèche-cheveux inclus), kitchenette équipée (réfrigérateur, micro-onde, Nespresso, Bouilloire, plaques électriques, casserole, poêle, vaisselles), le canapé lit aussi pratique que douillet par 160x200cm (oreillers, draps, et couettes inclus). Le studio est équipé également d'une Wifi, d'une télévision, d'un fer à repasser, d'une station enceinte Bose. Pour parer à vos besoins, une épicerie, primeur, fromager, boulangerie, et une laverie se trouvent dans la rue.  Le célèbre quartier des Abbesses, typiques et animé
34103	The apartment is located in Montmartre between stations Abbesses and Blanche. The apartment is 5 minutes by walk from the Sacred Coeur and Moulin Rouge and 100 meters from the famous Amelie cafe . it is composed of a large room with double bed and a living room corner. The kitchen  equipped with a washing machine and dishwasher. The bathroom with shower and toilet. It has the charm of a typical Parisian apartment: floor, ceiling moldings, fireplace. It is very clear (one window in each room - living room, bathroom - kitchen). 5th floor (no elevator) From the window you can see the Moulin Rouge. In terms of equipment, the studio provides: quilt, fitted sheets, pillowcases, duvet and pillows, towels, pans, mugs, glasses, kettle, Nespresso machine, bathroom towels, bath mats,Internet WIFI etc. . . Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of Paris.	The apartment is located in Montmartre between stations Abbesses and Blanche. 5 minutes by walk from the Sacred Coeur and Moulin Rouge and 100 meters from the famous Amelie cafe . it is composed of a bedroom with double bed, a kitchen, a living room and a bathroom with shower and toilet. It has the charm of a typical Parisian apartment: floor, ceiling moldings, fireplace. It is very clear (one window in each room - living room, bathroom - kitchen). 5th floor (no elevator) From the window you can see the Moulin Rouge. In terms of equipment, the studio provides: quilt, fitted sheets, pillowcases, duvet and pillows, towels, pans, mugs, glasses, kettle, Nespresso machine, bathroom towels, bath mats,Internet WIFI etc. . . Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of Paris. The apartment is located in Montmartre between stations Abbesses and Blanche. The apartment is 5 minutes by walk from the Sacred Coeur and Moulin Rouge and 100 meters from the 
34104	Appartment in Montmartre, 22m2 Bedroom, small living room, bathroom, Wc, kitchen with everything you need ( micro wave, plates, cutlery)  One closet and two shelves available. Beautiful, very quiet and and secure building with a caretaker, elevator. Luminous, clean, Tv and WI-Fi. It's a very fancy neighborhood, on a charming parisian place with a theater. A lots of restaurant near by, 1 minute from the Sacré-coeur and from Pigalle and his famous bars and nightclubs. I can can make you a list to visit and enjoy the bests spots for food, walks, and parties. Subway stations: Abbesses, Pigalle, Anvers (Line 2 and 12) 	Appartment in Montmartre, 22m2 Bedroom, small living room, bathroom, Wc, kitchen with everything you need ( micro wave, plates, cutlery)  One closet and two shelves available. Beautiful, very quiet and and secure building with a caretaker, elevator. Luminous, clean, Tv and WI-Fi. It's a very fancy neighborhood, on a charming parisian place with a theater. A lots of restaurant near by, 1 minute from the Sacré-coeur and from Pigalle and his famous bars and nightclubs. I can can make you a list to visit and enjoy the bests spots for food, walks, and parties. Subway stations: Abbesses, Pigalle, Anvers (Line 2 and 12) 
34105	Quiet and luminous flat  Very sunny and clear. Perfectly located in the Quartier de Montmartre in Paris  and near from Moulin-Rouge .This location is ideal if you want enjoy the authentic Paris in Montmartre or experimenting Paris by Night at Pigalle. You are not far from Galerie Lafayette neither Champs Elysées if you are more focus on shopping.You can confortably cook in the flat . That is very convenient because you have a lot of supermarket (4), wine shop, dairy shop, butcher, grocery, a typical market and a lot of bakeries in less than 200 meter of the flat.This definitively a good place to enjoy Paris. Nearby (less than 10minutes walking)  The area has a village feel with it bread shops, cafes, and restaurants  5 minutes :  At the top you will find the famous Sacred-Heart Basilica   8 minutes, Moulin Rouge   5 minutes, Pigalle and its Pubs, Discos and Nightclubs   2 minutes, Elysée Montmartre, la Cigalle, Le Divan du Monde (concert halls) Equipements  Bathroom with shower, wash-h	Quiet and luminous flat  Very sunny and clear. Perfectly located in the Quartier de Montmartre in Paris  and near from Moulin-Rouge .This location is ideal if you want enjoy the authentic Paris in Montmartre or experimenting Paris by Night at Pigalle. You are not far from Galerie Lafayette neither Champs Elysées if you are more focus on shopping.You can confortably cook in the flat . That is very convenient because you have a lot of supermarket (4), wine shop, dairy shop, butcher, grocery, a typical market and a lot of bakeries in less than 200 meter of the flat.This definitively a good place to enjoy Paris. Nearby (less than 10minutes walking)  The area has a village feel with it bread shops, cafes, and restaurants  5 minutes :  At the top you will find the famous Sacred-Heart Basilica   8 minutes, Moulin Rouge   5 minutes, Pigalle and its Pubs, Discos and Nightclubs   2 minutes, Elysée Montmartre, la Cigalle, Le Divan du Monde (concert halls) Equipements  Bathroom with shower, wash-h
34106	In a quiet street right along Montmartre cemetery, you'll find a sweet little shop turned into a charming ground-store duplex apartment. People enter directly from the street by a large private shop window, in a cosy living room with fully equipped open kitchen, large desk, a piano and a wall covered with books. The ceiling is high, so it makes the room appear larger in a very agreable way, and the sun enters widely during the morning when the weather is nice.  Then, climb up a few steps, and you'll be in the mezzanine bedroom with a queen size bed, amounts of books (again!) and a dressing for your wardrobe. On the contrary, to get to the bathroom, you will have to go a few steps under the bedroom! Kitchen's equipment : fridge, big oven, four induction hobs, toaster, electric boiler, rice cooker, and all the basic ustensils you need. Bathroom's equipment : sink, large wooden bathtub with hydrojets, washing machine, hair dryer. Please feel free to play the piano or read the books, as lo	In a quiet street right along Montmartre cemetery, you'll find a sweet little shop turned into a charming ground-store duplex apartment. People enter directly from the street by a large private shop window, in a cosy living room with fully equipped open kitchen, large desk, a piano and a wall covered with books. The ceiling is high, so it makes the room appear larger in a very agreable way, and the sun enters widely during the morning when the weather is nice.  Then, climb up a few steps, and you'll be in the mezzanine bedroom with a queen size bed, amounts of books (again!) and a dressing for your wardrobe. On the contrary, to get to the bathroom, you will have to go a few steps under the bedroom! Kitchen's equipment : fridge, big oven, four induction hobs, toaster, electric boiler, rice cooker, and all the basic ustensils you need. Bathroom's equipment : sink, large wooden bathtub with hydrojets, washing machine, hair dryer. Please feel free to play the piano or read the books, as lo
34107	Light and quiet, non smoking, functional and fully equipped studio.  - entry code security system - wireless Internet access - fan (no air-conditioning) - clothes drying rack - iron - hair dryer  - vacuum cleaner - towels are provided - bedding included.  - Fully equipped open kitchen area comprising : - Refrigerator, freezer, cooking rings, dinnerware, toaster, and serving pieces. - 1 double bed (pull out sofa) - Individual electric heating - Bathroom with shower, toilet, storage spaces.	Dear guests, Please be aware that my studio belongs to the budget accommodation category, so read the description below AND the house rules before booking and make sure you are comfortable with them. Light and quiet, non smoking, functional and fully equipped studio.  - entry code security system - wireless Internet access - fan (no air-conditioning) - clothes drying rack - iron - hair dryer  - vacuum cleaner - towels are provided - bedding included.  - Fully equipped open kitchen area comprising : - Refrigerator, freezer, cooking rings, dinnerware, toaster, and serving pieces. - 1 double bed (pull out sofa) - Individual electric heating - Bathroom with shower, toilet, storage spaces. My studio is not easily accessible to people with a mobility issue. The studio is located in village Ramey, in the heart of Montmartre, which has a unique, authentic Parisian atmosphere, with lots of little cafés, boutiques  and restaurants. It is also right next to a bubbly multi-ethnic neighbourhood. It
34108	 Doté d'une belle orientation lumineuse et calme (au dessus des bruits de circulation)c 'est un 18m2 au 7ième étage d'un immeuble Montmartrois, avec balcon belvédère,plein sud, offrant un panorama sur le sacré coeur et la tour Eiffel , embrassant du fort de Romainville jusqu'au mont Valérien un 360° sur une des hauteurs des plus célèbres de Paris. Ce studio dispose d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes, un lit double escamotable, une cuisine encastrée équipée avec réfrigérateur. L'étage est d'une tranquililté exemplaire car ce sont d'anciennes chambres de bonnes inoccupées qui le jouxtent. Le quartier est des plus prisé du côté calme de la butte, à deux pas de l'avenue Junot et de la place Dalida, c'est le lieu idéal  à proximité pour découvrir le vieux Montmartre, et bénéficier des bars et restaurants qui sont au pied. C'est le point de chute idyllique pour un couple amoureux dans Paris.  Le métro Lamarck Caulaincourt se trouve en bas de l'immeuble. 	 Doté d'une belle orientation lumineuse et calme (au dessus des bruits de circulation)c 'est un 18m2 au 7ième étage d'un immeuble Montmartrois, avec balcon belvédère,plein sud, offrant un panorama sur le sacré coeur et la tour Eiffel , embrassant du fort de Romainville jusqu'au mont Valérien un 360° sur une des hauteurs des plus célèbres de Paris. Ce studio dispose d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes, un lit double escamotable, une cuisine encastrée équipée avec réfrigérateur. L'étage est d'une tranquililté exemplaire car ce sont d'anciennes chambres de bonnes inoccupées qui le jouxtent. Le quartier est des plus prisé du côté calme de la butte, à deux pas de l'avenue Junot et de la place Dalida, c'est le lieu idéal  à proximité pour découvrir le vieux Montmartre, et bénéficier des bars et restaurants qui sont au pied. C'est le point de chute idyllique pour un couple amoureux dans Paris.  Le métro Lamarck Caulaincourt se trouve en bas de l'immeuble. 
34109	The apartment is very calm, tucked away in a picturesque impasse. It's within walking distance from Monmartre and a number of markets--including the famous Clignancourt market--  Les Jardins du Ruisseau, several Bio stores, cafes and restaurants. The nearest metro station is only 5 min away!	"Cozy flat in Paris 18th district near Montmartre, ground floor terasse, security digicode, double bed bedroom, leaving room with sofa bed, fully-equipped kitchen and washing machine, wc, bathroom with bathtub. Sheets & towers provided, wi-fi & phone The apartment is very calm, tucked away in a picturesque impasse. It's within walking distance from Monmartre and a number of markets--including the famous Clignancourt market--  Les Jardins du Ruisseau, several Bio stores, cafes and restaurants. The nearest metro station is only 5 min away! Guests will have access to the apartment and the courtyard. I will be reachable through phone and email if there are any problems. This is one of the safest neighbourhoods in Paris. People are very friendly and open. You will find plenty of things to do every night: don't miss the (email hidden)"", just one block across the street! The market in rue du Poteau is one of the best in Paris!! metro lines 12 and 4 buses (phone number hidden)"
34110	"Metro Lamarck/Jules Joffrin,  Quiet & lovely 2 bedrooms 50 sqm, brand new renovated, washing.machine., wi-fi. -There is one master bedroom with a double bed and another bedroom with a double bed, one bathroom (shower) and an open kitchen. -Linen and towels are provided. -The apartment is very quiet and sunny. -You can walk to Montmartre in 5 min and nearest metro station is 3 min away from our place (line 12). The location is convenient as you have 2 lines of metro nearby (line 12 and 4) and several bus. You will enjoy the real parisian atmosphere of the neighbourhood with all the shops nearby and freshfood's market 5 days a week and famous fleamarket 10 min away. You also have plenty of restaurants nearby and best of all : you will find one of the best ""boulangerie"" (bakery) of Paris just around the corner ! Come to our place and make yourself at home for great holidays ! "	"Metro Lamarck/Jules Joffrin,  Quiet & lovely 2 bedrooms 50 sqm, brand new renovated, washing.machine., wi-fi. -There is one master bedroom with a double bed and another bedroom with a double bed, one bathroom (shower) and an open kitchen. -Linen and towels are provided. -The apartment is very quiet and sunny. -You can walk to Montmartre in 5 min and nearest metro station is 3 min away from our place (line 12). The location is convenient as you have 2 lines of metro nearby (line 12 and 4) and several bus. You will enjoy the real parisian atmosphere of the neighbourhood with all the shops nearby and freshfood's market 5 days a week and famous fleamarket 10 min away. You also have plenty of restaurants nearby and best of all : you will find one of the best ""boulangerie"" (bakery) of Paris just around the corner ! Come to our place and make yourself at home for great holidays ! "
34111	l'appartement est calme et très lumineux car traversant et quasiment pas de vis-à-vis. Il possède un balcon filant d'où on peut admirer les dômes du Sacré Coeur. Sa capacité est de deux avec grand lit dans la chambre et possibilité de matelas gonflable de 140 cm dans le séjour.	l'appartement est calme et très lumineux car traversant et quasiment pas de vis-à-vis. Il possède un balcon filant d'où on peut admirer les dômes du Sacré Coeur. Sa capacité est de deux avec grand lit dans la chambre et possibilité de matelas gonflable de 140 cm dans le séjour. L'appartement comporte deux pièces avec un salon, une chambre, une salle de bain et une cuisine. La cuisine est équipée d'un réfrigérateur-congélateur, d'un four à micro-ondes, d'une machine à café, de plaque à induction et d'un lave-linge. échange par mail et service assuré sur place par des amis. Quartier à la fois populaire et bobo. Situé à proximité de Montmartre à 15 minutes à pied et d'Abbesses et du marché aux puces de Saint-Ouen. Et proche d'une rue commerçante animée avec tous les commerces de bouche typique du savoir-faire français : boucherie, fromagerie, traiteur, boulangerie, pâtisserie...La rue de l'appartement est calme et permet de bien se reposer après une journée aux quatre coins de la capitale
34112	The best :   In apartment, quiet room with large balcony and amazing view over Paris Breakfast included Montmartre or Puces de Saint Ouen 15 minutes walk Galeries Lafayette, Opera Garnier, the Louvre in 20 minutes by bus Hosts cheerful and friendly ... We will be happy to welcome you in our apartment on the 9th floor of a modern building at the foot of Montmartre, where we offer you a quiet room overlooking the courtyard. You will have a 180 ° view over Paris from the towers of the business district Defense, Arc de Triomphe, the Eiffel Tower to Montparnasse Tower. It is a real joy at sunset or at night, lights that Paris and the Eiffel Tower sparkles every hour. Several bus lines and subway located between 3 minutes and 10 minutes walk you will reach all parts of Paris to enjoy your stay. A direct bus (No. 95), you can reach the center of Paris, Galeries Lafayette, the Louvre ... The neighborhood is quiet. It has many shops, typical restaurants and bars often run by musicians. In 15 mi	Guest bedroom quiet on courtyard on the 9th floor of a nice apartment. Ideal for relaxing and admiring the Eiffel Tower and Paris installed on the balcony. 15mn walk from Montmartre or Pigale 20mn from Paris center by metro or bus. Breakfast included The best :   In apartment, quiet room with large balcony and amazing view over Paris Breakfast included Montmartre or Puces de Saint Ouen 15 minutes walk Galeries Lafayette, Opera Garnier, the Louvre in 20 minutes by bus Hosts cheerful and friendly ... We will be happy to welcome you in our apartment on the 9th floor of a modern building at the foot of Montmartre, where we offer you a quiet room overlooking the courtyard. You will have a 180 ° view over Paris from the towers of the business district Defense, Arc de Triomphe, the Eiffel Tower to Montparnasse Tower. It is a real joy at sunset or at night, lights that Paris and the Eiffel Tower sparkles every hour. Several bus lines and subway located between 3 minutes and 10 minutes walk you
34113	Calme absolu pour cet appartement au dernier étage,sans ascenceur et seul sur le palier.  Trois pièces en enfilade,meubles d'antiquaires,parquet,cheminées,miroirs. Très lumineux. Pouvant accueillir 3 personnes,1 chambre et un canapé pour 1personne.	Au 6 ième et dernier étage,sur cour,ultra calme. petit havre de paix ,sans ascenseur .Sans vis a vis.Bel appartement de 40m2,avec vue sur le moulin de la galette et du sacré cœur.Vous vivrez dans l'une des rues les plus renommées de Montmartre. Calme absolu pour cet appartement au dernier étage,sans ascenceur et seul sur le palier.  Trois pièces en enfilade,meubles d'antiquaires,parquet,cheminées,miroirs. Très lumineux. Pouvant accueillir 3 personnes,1 chambre et un canapé pour 1personne. Dans mon quartier les bobochics se promenent entre le Moulin Rouge,la place des Abesses et le fabuleux sacré cœur,de jours comme de nuit. Station de mertro Blanche et Abesses. Nombreuses lignes de bus et taxis à 5 minutes.
34114	Tout confort, agréable, calme, entièrement équipé, accès wifi, télévision, station IPod 	Ce deux pièces idéalement situé peut accueillir confortablement 2 personnes. Parfaitement équipé pour passer un agréable séjour. Dans une rue calme à quelques pas de Montmartre dans le quartier vivant de la mairie du 18 ème. Profitez de sa proximité avec les lignes de métro 4 et 12. Tout confort, agréable, calme, entièrement équipé, accès wifi, télévision, station IPod Accès à l'intégralité du logement Je vous accueillerai avec grand plaisir Quartier vivant, à 2 minutes de la rue du Poteau et de ses nombreux commerces. De nombreux bars et restaurants à proximité. Accès par la ligne 4 ou 12. À 45 min de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle, près de la Gare du Nord et gare de l'est. Accès direct en métro de la Gare Montparnasse et saint Lazare
34115	Spacious, bright and cosy private room in the apartment,  The 65m² apartment features two bedrooms, only mine can be rented (for only 2 people). Important: my roomate (mexican guy who speaks spanish, english, italian, deutch and french!) will be in the flat during these days.There is a quite big kitchen full equiped, a big dining room, with a sofa bed, with a balcon, and a separate toilet. If needed for long stays, a washing machine is also available. - WIFI connection available in the apartment - Lift in the building (the apartment is on the 3rd floor) - Door code The apartment is extremely well located, near Montmartre, at 5 meters of the metro exit. You will find many shops next door and a delightful mix of fine and trendy dining venues. All amenities just around the corner: supermarket, grocery stores, bakeries, wine shops, post office etc. Great transport service, with three metro lines and three bus stops within 5 minutes walk, connecting you to many places in Paris: Metro line 4	Spacious, bright and cosy private room in the apartment,  The 65m² apartment features two bedrooms, only mine can be rented (for only 2 people). Important: my roomate (mexican guy who speaks spanish, english, italian, deutch and french!) will be in the flat during these days.There is a quite big kitchen full equiped, a big dining room, with a sofa bed, with a balcon, and a separate toilet. If needed for long stays, a washing machine is also available. - WIFI connection available in the apartment - Lift in the building (the apartment is on the 3rd floor) - Door code The apartment is extremely well located, near Montmartre, at 5 meters of the metro exit. You will find many shops next door and a delightful mix of fine and trendy dining venues. All amenities just around the corner: supermarket, grocery stores, bakeries, wine shops, post office etc. Great transport service, with three metro lines and three bus stops within 5 minutes walk, connecting you to many places in Paris: Metro line 4
34116		Our recently renovated second floor flat (no lift) has a separate bedroom plus combined living room/dining area. The warm, neutral colours of the walls provide a perfect contrast to the burnt orange touches added throughout the living area.    Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. Welcome to the Abbesses district of Montmartre, renowned for its trendy bars and cafes that tumble out onto the pavements. You will immediately feel the intimacy of the area as you walk along the ancient cobbled streets, passing the stylish boutiques and food establishments offering cuisine from different parts of the globe as well as France. If you prefer, the breads, pastries and cheeses will keep you satisfied as you stroll around. For those who wish to eat a complete meal, 'traiteurs' offer cooked dinners to heat up at home. Perched above Abbesses is the Basilica de Sacre-Coeur which is accessed by charming stone staircases.
34117	Emplacement extra à deux minutes du Sacré-Cœur, appartement très confortable et propre, proche métro pour accéder à tout Paris ! Great location two minutes walk from Sacré-Cœur, very clean and comfy place, near the metro to go anywhere in Paris! Charming 2-room apartment, 2 minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur! One bedroom with a double bed and a living room. Pretty Montmartre style bathroom and separate WC, fully equipped kitchen. You will feel at home in this apartment located in a quiet street. Everything you need is on site. Shetts and towels provided, breakfast included! Very nice neighborhood, nearby shops, atypical and affordable restaurants. 2 minutes to the Saint-Pierre market; 10 minutes to the Olive market. 10 minutes to Pigalle to go out! Metro lines 2 or 4 and several buses to access all Paris quickly. I'll be happy to advise you on the best places to go to! Discover Paris in a nice apartment and a magical neighborhood! 	Emplacement extra à deux minutes du Sacré-Cœur, appartement très confortable et propre, proche métro pour accéder à tout Paris ! Great location two minutes walk from Sacré-Cœur, very clean and comfy place, near the metro to go anywhere in Paris! Emplacement extra à deux minutes du Sacré-Cœur, appartement très confortable et propre, proche métro pour accéder à tout Paris ! Great location two minutes walk from Sacré-Cœur, very clean and comfy place, near the metro to go anywhere in Paris! Charming 2-room apartment, 2 minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur! One bedroom with a double bed and a living room. Pretty Montmartre style bathroom and separate WC, fully equipped kitchen. You will feel at home in this apartment located in a quiet street. Everything you need is on site. Shetts and towels provided, breakfast included! Very nice neighborhood, nearby shops, atypical and affordable restaurants. 2 minutes to the Saint-Pierre market; 10 minutes to the Olive market. 10 minutes to Pigalle to go o
34118	A charming cozy apartment situated just next to Sacre Coeur (18th arrondissiment). Perfect for all types of travelers as you'll be able to explore many of the cities monumental sights (Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur, Lamark ect), great restaurants and an exciting night life steps away from the apartment. But if you are a true explorer the metro is also less than a 2 minute walk from the door. The apartment is 13m2 with all you need for a comfortable stay. Its is equipped with a stove, fridge, toaster oven, pots, pans, plates and utensils, shower, toilettes (PLEASE BE AWARE: it is located in front of the apartment door... essentially separate from the apartment but it is PRIVATE just for our apartment), fresh towels and fresh linens will also be provided for your stay. Also for your pleasure you will be able to benefit from free WiFi and a land line that can call many destinations (including house phones in the states and the UK). You can benefit from discounted rates depending on your stay:	A charming cozy apartment situated just next to Sacre Coeur (18th arrondissiment). Perfect for all types of travelers as you'll be able to explore many of the cities monumental sights (Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur, Lamark ect), great restaurants and an exciting night life steps away from the apartment. But if you are a true explorer the metro is also less than a 2 minute walk from the door. The apartment is 13m2 with all you need for a comfortable stay. Its is equipped with a stove, fridge, toaster oven, pots, pans, plates and utensils, shower, toilettes (PLEASE BE AWARE: it is located in front of the apartment door... essentially separate from the apartment but it is PRIVATE just for our apartment), fresh towels and fresh linens will also be provided for your stay. Also for your pleasure you will be able to benefit from free WiFi and a land line that can call many destinations (including house phones in the states and the UK). You can benefit from discounted rates depending on your stay:
34119	Cet appartement est idéal pour une famille avec 2 ou 3 enfants grâce aux deux lits doubles séparés du salon par une porte.  En plein cœur de Montmartre, au pied des marches du sacré cœur, vous disposez d'un appartement calme et confortable! A votre disposition: Chambre no 1  avec un lit double neuf, un grand dressing et TV.  Chambre no 2 en  mezzanine avec un lit double. Possibilité d'ajouter un matelas une place neuf (90 x 200) si besoin. Un salon lumineux avec un canapé confortable et un coin repas pour 4 à 5 personnes donnant sur une cuisine récente conviviale et bien équipée (plaque électrique, four, micro onde, réfrigérateur, lave vaisselle, lave linge, vaisselles, nombreux rangements). 1 salle d'eau avec une douche spacieuse, mitigeur et excellent débit d'eau chaude + WC. 4 grandes fenêtres donnent entièrement sur une cour donc très (website hidden) et internet (wifi gratuit) La literie est neuve et confortable. Parquet ancien au sol.   Au 3eme et dernier étage sans ascenseur. Un	Situé à Montmartre au pied du sacré cœur, cet appartement offre 1 chambre à coucher + 1 chambre en mezzanine (2 à 5 personnes). Équipé à neuf avec parquet ancien il vous comblera par son confort, son calme et sa situation idéal pour visiter Paris!  Cet appartement est idéal pour une famille avec 2 ou 3 enfants grâce aux deux lits doubles séparés du salon par une porte.  En plein cœur de Montmartre, au pied des marches du sacré cœur, vous disposez d'un appartement calme et confortable! A votre disposition: Chambre no 1  avec un lit double neuf, un grand dressing et TV.  Chambre no 2 en  mezzanine avec un lit double. Possibilité d'ajouter un matelas une place neuf (90 x 200) si besoin. Un salon lumineux avec un canapé confortable et un coin repas pour 4 à 5 personnes donnant sur une cuisine récente conviviale et bien équipée (plaque électrique, four, micro onde, réfrigérateur, lave vaisselle, lave linge, vaisselles, nombreux rangements). 1 salle d'eau avec une douche spacieuse, mitigeur 
34120	Are you looking for a beautiful place in a great location that is both functional and romantic?  Search no more!  A fantastic 73 sq. meters at the very base of Montmartre/Sacre Coeur is waiting for you!  Well appointed with a large living room, a small but efficient kitchen, a large multi-colored bathroom (with Jacuzzi), an intimate master bedroom and, if needed, space and everything needed for a baby (changing table, crib, etc.).  In the living room, two sofa bed can make 4 adults sleep. You can also use two matress on the floor, in the living-room or in the room, if you want to come with two guests more, who do not care about confort. In the morning, the only sound you will hear is the twitter of birds, while the flat is roomy, airy and well lit by natural light.   Most alluring is the terrace which affords a breathtaking view of Sacre Coeur and the surrounding district.  The flat is perfectly located in the “chaleureux quartier” Village Ramey, with a number of parks, restaurants and	Are you looking for a beautiful place in a great location that is both functional and romantic?  Search no more!  A fantastic 73 sq. meters at the very base of Montmartre/Sacre Coeur is waiting for you!  Well appointed with a large living room, a small but efficient kitchen, a large multi-colored bathroom (with Jacuzzi), an intimate master bedroom and, if needed, space and everything needed for a baby (changing table, crib, etc.).  In the living room, two sofa bed can make 4 adults sleep. You can also use two matress on the floor, in the living-room or in the room, if you want to come with two guests more, who do not care about confort. In the morning, the only sound you will hear is the twitter of birds, while the flat is roomy, airy and well lit by natural light.   Most alluring is the terrace which affords a breathtaking view of Sacre Coeur and the surrounding district.  The flat is perfectly located in the “chaleureux quartier” Village Ramey, with a number of parks, restaurants and
34121	Nice and comfy apartment with washing machine, laundry machine, oven, and cooking supplies. It was renewed three months ago and every accessory is au top! The kitchen has ceramic hobs, with all necessary equipment to cook formidable meals. The bathroom has a gorgeous shower (enough space for two people) and a bright style. The room has a double French bed with a big wardrobe, parquet floor and worm lightening.  The apartment is located in between Montmartre and la Vilette – a very quite location near the la Gare du Nord – also very close to the town center (200mt away from La Chapelle, line 2, 4, and 5) many supermarkets surround the area, markets during the weekend and the canal de Saint Martin inspires picnics and walks along the river. In addition, cinemas, restaurants, shops, and anything you need is reachable by foot.   Of course there is the possibility to use the TV with many channels and access to the internet via wifi. The gardienne takes a really good care of the building and	Nice and comfy apartment with washing machine, laundry machine, oven, and cooking supplies. It was renewed three months ago and every accessory is au top! The kitchen has ceramic hobs, with all necessary equipment to cook formidable meals. The bathroom has a gorgeous shower (enough space for two people) and a bright style. The room has a double French bed with a big wardrobe, parquet floor and worm lightening.  The apartment is located in between Montmartre and la Vilette – a very quite location near the la Gare du Nord – also very close to the town center (200mt away from La Chapelle, line 2, 4, and 5) many supermarkets surround the area, markets during the weekend and the canal de Saint Martin inspires picnics and walks along the river. In addition, cinemas, restaurants, shops, and anything you need is reachable by foot.   Of course there is the possibility to use the TV with many channels and access to the internet via wifi. The gardienne takes a really good care of the building and
34122	This charming 2 rooms flat is located right in the Place des Abbesses; in the very heart of the Montmartre district.  What makes it absolutely special is the location.  The flat can accommodate two guests, just perfect for a romantic stay.  You'll appreciate the space (480 sq ft) of this very french and typical apartment.  Nevertheless you will be close to all the attractions of the neighborhood, the Sacré Coeur Basilica, the Moulin Rouge, the Bateau Lavoir, the Place du Tertre and a few meters away from the metro station to access all the main attractions in Paris.	Enjoy the real Paris in heart of Montmartre, near the Sacre Coeur, Pigalle, the Moulin Rouge and all the trendy area around. As a real Parisian, I'm crazy about food and fashion and will be happy to share you my favorite spots :) This charming 2 rooms flat is located right in the Place des Abbesses; in the very heart of the Montmartre district.  What makes it absolutely special is the location.  The flat can accommodate two guests, just perfect for a romantic stay.  You'll appreciate the space (480 sq ft) of this very french and typical apartment.  Nevertheless you will be close to all the attractions of the neighborhood, the Sacré Coeur Basilica, the Moulin Rouge, the Bateau Lavoir, the Place du Tertre and a few meters away from the metro station to access all the main attractions in Paris. You will have access to the complete apartment.  The building is on the South side of the Montmartre.   We also provide all the bed linen, bath linen, home ware and dinning ware.  There is also fre
34123	The studio is really calm and located in one of the best area of Montmartre. 	Charming clear studio of 17sqm, with double window to quiet inner court with trees. Bathroom with bathtub and WC. Kitchen. First floor, the building is secured with digicodes and a door with a key. The studio is really calm and located in one of the best area of Montmartre.  Placed in the quarter of Abbesses, 5 minutes walk to Sacré Cœur, five minutes walk from Moulin Rouge, many shops, cafés, etc and all that life that makes Paris.  I will be there to welcome you and show you the studio. After, feel like at home.  Many shops, cafés, artist atmosphere The metro Abbesses or Blanche are less than 5 minutes walk.
34124		Appartement pouvant accueillir confortablement jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit double + 1 canapé lit haut de gamme). Situé dans un quartier vivant à Montmartre, à proximité immédiate de tous les commerces. Au 1er étage sur cour : calme et frais l'été !
34125	PETIT APPARTEMENT DE 15M2 AU 6ÈME ÉTAGE AVEC ASCENSEUR. CET APPARTEMENT COMPREND UNE ENTRÉE AVEC UN GRAND PLACARD, UNE SALLE DE DOUCHE, UNE CHAMBRE AVEC UN LIT DOUBLE  AVEC FRIGIDAIRE, PLAQUE À INDUCTION, MICRO ONDE AINSI QU'UN PETIT BALCON AVEC VUE SUR LES TOITS DE PARIS.  ENDROIT TRES CALME CAR AU DERNIER ETAGE VERY CUTE LITTLE APARTMENT, ON THE 6TH FLOOR (LAST FLOOR) WITH ELEVATOR INCLUDING A CLOSET, A BATHROOM, A ROOM WITH A REAL BED.  IN THIS ROOM YOU HAVE A LITTLE FRIDGE, A MICROWAVE, A COFFEE MACHINE, INDUCTION HOB, A KETTLE. YOU ALSO HAVE A LITTLE BALCONY WHERE YOU CAN SEE THE TYPICAL FRENCH ROOF. VERY CALM ROOM. IF YOU HAVE A COMPUTER WE WILL GIVE YOU THE WIFI CODE OUR APARTMENT IS JUST NEXT DOOR SO IT IS EASY TO GET THE KEYS FROM US OUR SUBWAY : MARX DORMOY LIGNE 12 JUST 4 STATIONS FROM LES ABESSES AND MONTMARTRE 	PETIT APPARTEMENT DE 15M2 AU 6ÈME ÉTAGE AVEC ASCENSEUR. CET APPARTEMENT COMPREND UNE ENTRÉE AVEC UN GRAND PLACARD, UNE SALLE DE DOUCHE, UNE CHAMBRE AVEC UN LIT DOUBLE  AVEC FRIGIDAIRE, PLAQUE À INDUCTION, MICRO ONDE AINSI QU'UN PETIT BALCON AVEC VUE SUR LES TOITS DE PARIS.  ENDROIT TRES CALME CAR AU DERNIER ETAGE VERY CUTE LITTLE APARTMENT, ON THE 6TH FLOOR (LAST FLOOR) WITH ELEVATOR INCLUDING A CLOSET, A BATHROOM, A ROOM WITH A REAL BED.  IN THIS ROOM YOU HAVE A LITTLE FRIDGE, A MICROWAVE, A COFFEE MACHINE, INDUCTION HOB, A KETTLE. YOU ALSO HAVE A LITTLE BALCONY WHERE YOU CAN SEE THE TYPICAL FRENCH ROOF. VERY CALM ROOM. IF YOU HAVE A COMPUTER WE WILL GIVE YOU THE WIFI CODE OUR APARTMENT IS JUST NEXT DOOR SO IT IS EASY TO GET THE KEYS FROM US OUR SUBWAY : MARX DORMOY LIGNE 12 JUST 4 STATIONS FROM LES ABESSES AND MONTMARTRE 
34126		Logement de 3 pièces. Très agréable. Parquets A proximité du métro Lamarck Caulaincourt
34127	Au pied de Montmartre Bienvenue dans l’un des quartiers les plus connus de Paris ! Découvrez les trésors de Montmartre grâce à l’emplacement idéal de votre appartement. Les options de divertissement ne manquent pas, et vous entourent littéralement, car vous pouvez entre autres aller assister à un concert à la Cigale située sur le boulevard de Clichy, vous rendre au théâtre des Abbesses ou encore aller applaudir une revue du célèbre Cabaret du Moulin Rouge. Après cela, faites une pause dans l’un des restaurants de la rue des Abbesses, puis continuez jusqu’à l’incontournable Basilique du Sacré-Cœur d’où vous avez une vue magnifique sur la Ville Lumière. Puis, pourquoi ne pas vous promener sur la Place du Tertre et y acheter quelques peintures en souvenir de votre séjour ?	Très bel appartement situé dans le plus célèbre village de Paris Montmartre,T2 chambre et séjour avec cuisine équipée, a 5 minutes de Montmartre. Proche de tout commerce, quartier animé Au pied de Montmartre Bienvenue dans l’un des quartiers les plus connus de Paris ! Découvrez les trésors de Montmartre grâce à l’emplacement idéal de votre appartement. Les options de divertissement ne manquent pas, et vous entourent littéralement, car vous pouvez entre autres aller assister à un concert à la Cigale située sur le boulevard de Clichy, vous rendre au théâtre des Abbesses ou encore aller applaudir une revue du célèbre Cabaret du Moulin Rouge. Après cela, faites une pause dans l’un des restaurants de la rue des Abbesses, puis continuez jusqu’à l’incontournable Basilique du Sacré-Cœur d’où vous avez une vue magnifique sur la Ville Lumière. Puis, pourquoi ne pas vous promener sur la Place du Tertre et y acheter quelques peintures en souvenir de votre séjour ? Station de métro et bus  a 2 minu
34128	Studio of 18m2 near Montmartre, with bathroom and kitchen, close to Metro and  public transport shops My studio has been retrofit in 2013,  The Studio is located in a quiet and flowery courtyard Many available equipment (oven, electric hob, fridge freezer, kettle, wifi, tv DocStation ... Upon arrival, I will be available to present the studio	   Located in Paris' 18th arrondissement of Château Rouge, close to Montmartre and Sacre coeur. In the heart of the historic district of Paris, on the 1st floor in a courtyad of a typical Parisian building, a charming studio    Studio of 18m2 near Montmartre, with bathroom and kitchen, close to Metro and  public transport shops My studio has been retrofit in 2013,  The Studio is located in a quiet and flowery courtyard Many available equipment (oven, electric hob, fridge freezer, kettle, wifi, tv DocStation ... Upon arrival, I will be available to present the studio Total Access for the guest, The studio is private Phone, mail or ams I live just near the studio. If you have any problem i can be there in 2 minute.  Located in Paris' 18th arrondissement of Château Rouge, near the Butte Montmartre and Sacre Coeur In the heart of the historic district of Paris This apartment is very well located in the heart of the lively neighborhood  5 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur. 5 minutes walk fr
34129	As it is located in Montmartre, the apartment entrance is on rue de l'abbé patureau but view from the windows of the main bedroom and the living room are is on rue Paul Féval	This charming and brand new 2bedroom was totally refurbished in august 2015. Perfect for families of 4 with 2 separate bedrooms, big kitchen with a bar located on the touristic butte Montmatre metro Lamarck Caulaincourt. Fully Dedicated to rentals. As it is located in Montmartre, the apartment entrance is on rue de l'abbé patureau but view from the windows of the main bedroom and the living room are is on rue Paul Féval You will have access to the entire apartment without restriction. My Wife Elisabeth will be there to welcome you for the check in and check out of the apartment and ready to help you all along your stay for any advice  We are living 2mn away from the apartment The Neighborhood is just perfect, we just love it so much and could no imagine ourselves living somewhere else in Paris especially for the food shops and nice restaurants The closest metro station is Lamark Caulaincourt
34130	This newly refurbished flat is ideal for a couple to enjoy Paris romantic and festive atmosphere.  The studio located at the 5th floor without lift, has been fully refurbished and is fully equipped: -the living area has a cosy bed of  160X200 in which u will enjoy ur nites in Paris -the kitchen is equipped with brand new appliances (microwave, oven, dishwasher, coffee machine, and kettler) and all necessary plates and cutlery -The bathroom has an Italian shower  -U have a really nice balcony well decorated where u can relax urself after a long day of walk We provide towels and Bed linen.   There are also Wi-Fi and TV with International channels, throughout the flat available.	In the heart of Montmarte Pigalle, this lovely studio will offer you an unforgettable souvenir of Paris with its balcony and confort.  Enjoy!!! This newly refurbished flat is ideal for a couple to enjoy Paris romantic and festive atmosphere.  The studio located at the 5th floor without lift, has been fully refurbished and is fully equipped: -the living area has a cosy bed of  160X200 in which u will enjoy ur nites in Paris -the kitchen is equipped with brand new appliances (microwave, oven, dishwasher, coffee machine, and kettler) and all necessary plates and cutlery -The bathroom has an Italian shower  -U have a really nice balcony well decorated where u can relax urself after a long day of walk We provide towels and Bed linen.   There are also Wi-Fi and TV with International channels, throughout the flat available. Subway stations: Abbesses or Pigalle. Bus, Taxis or Uber cars easy to find at any time I am at your disposal to welcome you in the best conditions: I speak French , Englis
34131	57m2 Apartment with a dual aspect East & West , 5th (last) floor, therefore all rooms are very bright! Nice views on the neighbourhood and Sacre-Coeur dome. Large living-room  Available for 3.	On top of the hill, a few steps away from le Sacré-Coeur & Le Moulin Rouge,  Fully furnished, bright and sunny one-bedroom (57m2) with nice views. Live the picturesque charm and the country atmosphere of that colourful village! 57m2 Apartment with a dual aspect East & West , 5th (last) floor, therefore all rooms are very bright! Nice views on the neighbourhood and Sacre-Coeur dome. Large living-room  Available for 3. Linen & towels provided,  Large TV, Wi-fi,  Kitchen well equipped.  Double-bed in the bedroom. Single-person convertible sofa in the living-room. According to their needs A few steps away from le Sacré Coeur and Le Moulin Rouge, Montmartre is overflowed with Pedestrian streets, cafes, groceries, delightful bakeries and restaurants, fancy stores (run out from Abbesses street if your girl likes fashion but that you're on a budget ;-). 2 Metro lines, 2 (West to East) and 12 (North to South) Abbesses and Pigalle stations. Convenient to Roissy Charles de Gaulle 15' to St-Lazare
34132		When you get to the building's entrance, through to the beautifully maintained common hallways and into the tastefully decorated apartment, you will see that all of its original charm and features have been kept. We are on the 5th floor with lift. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. The apartment is located in the 18th district, on a tree lined avenue in the lively, beautiful Parisian neighbourhood of Montmartre. Just outside your door there is a wide selection of boulangeries, fromageries, patisseries, wine stores and health food stores. Live as true Parisians do and drop in daily to choose fresh fruit, bread, meats as you require them to ensure the best and freshest selection truly this is a delightful neighbourhood. If you are interested in exploring the wonders of Paris the Basilica Sacre-Coeur, Place du Tertre, Montmartre Vinyard and Cimeterie de Monmartre are all within minutes walking distance. T
34133	This place is peaceful and perfect for relaxing! Calm and convivial, everyone can have its own space.	2/3 rooms:4 sleep + 1 baby-bed. Parquet, molding, equipped kitchen, separated bathroom, 5th Floor w/ elevator.  Quiet, bright place in a shopping area.  5 min from Le Sacré Coeur, Abbesses, Pigalle. 6 subway stops from the Parisian Department Stores.
34134	There's a large space containing a living room, a dining room and an open kitchen. Two separate bedrooms, a bath room and separate toilets.	This 65 m2 flat near Montmartre & Gare du Nord, cosy, full of light and provided with all necessary accommodations, is located in a popular and lively area, with a lot of cafes and restaurants, close to a covered market, 2 mn from the subway. There's a large space containing a living room, a dining room and an open kitchen. Two separate bedrooms, a bath room and separate toilets. All the flat is available. We ask for an additional 50 euros cash for cleaning fees Our neighborhood is cosmopolitan and lively. The flat's a few feet away from the pedestrian rue de l'Olive, where a covered market is located. There you will find fresh meat, fresh fish, typical french cheese, fruits and vegetables, and also home made food from Italy, Portugal, Africa, Thailand and Vietnam. You will also find lots of cafes and restaurants along that street. There are several supermarkets, pharmacies, a post office, ATM machines ; four small gardens for kids and a merry-go-round. A bit more distant, a cultural c
34135		Come in this flat to enjoy your trip in Paris near to Montmartre. The district is very livened up. A lot of restaurants, delicatessens and bars. A good place for you!!
34136		Mon joli appart, Il fait 33m2, il est beau, il est haut (4m de plafond), bref, il est vraiment chouette. C'est à 5 min à pied de Montmarte dans un ancien presbytère (et ça, ça fait peur). Il y a tout dedans : frigo, machine à laver, baignoire. Disponibilité
34137	Beaucoup beaucoup de livres à votre disposition ! 	Bonjour, je loue un studio meublé de 16m² à Paris, en plein coeur de Montmartre, au pied du Sacré Coeur, à 2 minutes de la place des Abbesses et à 5 min de la place Pigalle. Proximité métro ligne 2 et ligne 12. Proche nombreux restaurants, bars, commerces. Très calme (cour intérieure). WC/douches, mezzanine avec matelas (largeur 1,20m), canapé dépliable, Internet ADSL, micro-ondes.  Convient pour personne seule ou couple.  Attention : les téléphones portables passent mal à l'intérieur du studio. Beaucoup beaucoup de livres à votre disposition !
34138	Really nice apartment with a surface of 70 sqm. Perfect for couples, friends or families.  This amazing flat with big windows is located on the 10th floor with elevator, there is also a parking box ( 15 euro for night).  The apartment has an open and fully equipped kitchen and a really nice bathroom.  The neighbourhood is lively and safe. There are 2 bedrooms with king size beds, so 4 people can be easily accommodated. As there is also a huge sofa, it can turn to an extra sleeping place for a 5th person. The cupboard is really big and empty so you have much space to arrange your belongings. Multimedia devices : Internet, Wifi, Big TV Screen, Hifi Home Cinema,Telephone, speakers. The living room includes : king-size comfortable sofa, dining table and a library. This room is very spacious, well decorated and colourful. In the fully equipped kitchen you will have: fridge, oven, dish, coffee machine at your disposal.  Bathroom facilities : washing machine, shower, designed washbasin. The W	Very nice appartment, 10th floor with an amazing view on Paris Really nice apartment with a surface of 70 sqm. Perfect for couples, friends or families.  This amazing flat with big windows is located on the 10th floor with elevator, there is also a parking box ( 15 euro for night).  The apartment has an open and fully equipped kitchen and a really nice bathroom.  The neighbourhood is lively and safe. There are 2 bedrooms with king size beds, so 4 people can be easily accommodated. As there is also a huge sofa, it can turn to an extra sleeping place for a 5th person. The cupboard is really big and empty so you have much space to arrange your belongings. Multimedia devices : Internet, Wifi, Big TV Screen, Hifi Home Cinema,Telephone, speakers. The living room includes : king-size comfortable sofa, dining table and a library. This room is very spacious, well decorated and colourful. In the fully equipped kitchen you will have: fridge, oven, dish, coffee machine at your disposal.  Bathroom 
34139	Très lumineux et très calme pour Paris. Résidence très sécurisée. Possibilité d'accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Petit balcon pour prendre un café au chant des oiseaux.  Possibilité de stationner sa voiture au parking,à voir avec le gardien pour 5€00 la journée;places limitées	Studio de 26 m2 tout équipé avec balcon donnant sur le  jardin au premier étage dans une résidence très calme à proximité du métro et du RER ;quartier animé avec beaucoup de commerces. Entrée avec code ... Parking voiture possible ; Très lumineux et très calme pour Paris. Résidence très sécurisée. Possibilité d'accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Petit balcon pour prendre un café au chant des oiseaux.  Possibilité de stationner sa voiture au parking,à voir avec le gardien pour 5€00 la journée;places limitées L'appartement est entièrement équipé.les matelas sont neufs et confortables. La connexion internet est très bonne. L'eau chaude est à volonté. Quartier très agréable. Plusieurs magasins alimentaires en bas de la résidence ainsi que tous les petits commerces utiles. Des bars et des restaurants de cuisine internationale . Animations de quartier l'été en lien avec l'auberge de jeunesse non loin. Juste à coté du métro Marx dormoy et la chapelle à 5 minutes à pied avec le sous terrain gare 
34140	Lovely 2 rooms apartment in the 18th district, 36 m2, 1st floor. The flat is bright, nice and confy, and very quiet. The kitchen to living room is fully equipped and the bathroom comes with a bathtub. As for sleeping options, we have a double bed in the bedroom and a baby bed. Wifi is included. The flat is located in La Goutte d'Or, a friendly working-class area. The diverse and lively feel of the area will definitely contribute to make you enjoy its friendly inhabitants. Right down the building, you will find a bakery, a supermarket, a green grocery, an alive chicken retailer, a mosk and a wine merchant! At a 10 min walk distance, there is the can't-miss Butte Montmartre, and at a 15 min walk distance, the 104 (huge cultural space). At a 5 min walk distance, you can reach 3 subway lines : the 2 (La Chappelle stop), the 4 (Château Rouge stop) and the 12 (Marcadet-Poissonniers stop). The city center (Châtelet) is only a 15min subway ride away. Hoping to talk to you soon, GaTo	Lovely 2 rooms apartment in the 18th district, 36 m2, 1st floor. The flat is bright, nice and confy, and very quiet. The kitchen to living room is fully equipped and the bathroom comes with a bathtub. As for sleeping options, we have a double bed in the bedroom and a baby bed. Wifi is included. The flat is located in La Goutte d'Or, a friendly working-class area. The diverse and lively feel of the area will definitely contribute to make you enjoy its friendly inhabitants. Right down the building, you will find a bakery, a supermarket, a green grocery, an alive chicken retailer, a mosk and a wine merchant! At a 10 min walk distance, there is the can't-miss Butte Montmartre, and at a 15 min walk distance, the 104 (huge cultural space). At a 5 min walk distance, you can reach 3 subway lines : the 2 (La Chappelle stop), the 4 (Château Rouge stop) and the 12 (Marcadet-Poissonniers stop). The city center (Châtelet) is only a 15min subway ride away. Hoping to talk to you soon, GaTo
34141		30m2 entire studio for one or two people. Perfect for a couple or friends. Simple and cozy studio. 1-2mns from a metro station(Marx Dormoy, line 12)
34142	Situé dans le 9ème arrondissement proximité de la gare du Nord (Train Eurostar et Thalys & RER Roissy CDG. Calme dans la proximité de l'Opéra et de Montmartre.	appartement de 36 m2 au 3ème étage plein sud sur voie privée comprenant: cuisine américaine, salon, chambre, grande sdb avec baignoire et douche / wc. plein sud Situé dans le 9ème arrondissement proximité de la gare du Nord (Train Eurostar et Thalys & RER Roissy CDG. Calme dans la proximité de l'Opéra et de Montmartre. Disponibilité à l'accueil, aide et assistance durant le séjour si nécessaire quartier populaire avec commerces de proximité et superettes. Cinéma... Bien desservi par métro, bus, RER  accessibles pour toutes les destinations. Calme et tranquillité pour un séjour trépidant dans la capitale
34143	Get the best of your Parisian stay in this brand new and refurbished apartment in Paris! This charming apartment is located a few minutes walk from the Montmartre neighborhood. You will be in the heart of a real lively neighborhood offering the best of the Parisian life (place de Clichy, cinemas, coffees, theaters, daily market with fresh products, bakeries etc). The most famous attractions are few metro stations away (Notre Dame and Saint Michel district only 20' away, the Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe only 20', Abbesses | Pigalle is just in 10' walking distance, Eiffel Tower is 25' from the apt). Buses and Metro close by will give you a very easy access to all Parisian must see/do. The closest metro station “ Guy Moquet” is just 100m away from the apartment and numerous bus lines can also be found there.  With its open-spaced architecture and carefully put together furniture this contemporary apartment will let you experience the old Parisian flavor with all modern comfort and a	Get the best of your Parisian stay in this brand new and refurbished apartment in Paris! This charming apartment is located a few minutes walk from the Montmartre neighborhood. You will be in the heart of a real lively neighborhood offering the best of the Parisian life (place de Clichy, cinemas, coffees, theaters, daily market with fresh products, bakeries etc). The most famous attractions are few metro stations away (Notre Dame and Saint Michel district only 20' away, the Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe only 20', Abbesses | Pigalle is just in 10' walking distance, Eiffel Tower is 25' from the apt). Buses and Metro close by will give you a very easy access to all Parisian must see/do. The closest metro station “ Guy Moquet” is just 100m away from the apartment and numerous bus lines can also be found there.  With its open-spaced architecture and carefully put together furniture this contemporary apartment will let you experience the old Parisian flavor with all modern comfort and a
34144	Situé au dernier étage (5ème), l'appartement offre une vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris. La décoration épurée et moderne mets en valeur le charme de cet appartement lumineux avec parquet et poutres apparentes.  Idéal en famille ou entre amis pour vous reposer en toute tranquillité et profiter de la vie parisienne, l'appartement dispose d'une entrée, d'un grand salon offrant une vue sur le Sacré Cœur, d’une cuisine équipée (4 plaques à induction, four, couverts, vaisselle, batterie de cuisine, machine à laver), d’une salle de bain avec baignoire, douche et toilettes ainsi que de deux grandes chambres. La literie de qualité comprend un lit double, un lit simple et un futon (a Japanese quilted mattress rolled out on the floor for use as a bed). Les draps sont fournis. Tout confort, l'appartement est également équipée d'une tv écran plat relié au câble et d’une box internet wifi. ENGLISH :  Located on the top floor (5th), the apartment has stunning views over the rooftops of Paris. Th	Situé au dernier étage (5ème), l'appartement offre une vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris. La décoration épurée et moderne mets en valeur le charme de cet appartement lumineux avec parquet et poutres apparentes.  Idéal en famille ou entre amis pour vous reposer en toute tranquillité et profiter de la vie parisienne, l'appartement dispose d'une entrée, d'un grand salon offrant une vue sur le Sacré Cœur, d’une cuisine équipée (4 plaques à induction, four, couverts, vaisselle, batterie de cuisine, machine à laver), d’une salle de bain avec baignoire, douche et toilettes ainsi que de deux grandes chambres. La literie de qualité comprend un lit double, un lit simple et un futon (a Japanese quilted mattress rolled out on the floor for use as a bed). Les draps sont fournis. Tout confort, l'appartement est également équipée d'une tv écran plat relié au câble et d’une box internet wifi. ENGLISH :  Located on the top floor (5th), the apartment has stunning views over the rooftops of Paris. Th
34145	This cosy 30m² apartment is situated 10 minutes walk from Gare du Nord, between the popular, cosmopolitan district of Barbes and the picturesque Montmartre. The apartment is on the 6th floor and has two balconies overlooking the boulevard Barbes. Quiet and fully equipped, this is a great place to come home to when visiting Paris. I am at your disposal for further information. 	This cosy 30m² apartment is situated 10 minutes walk from Gare du Nord, between the popular, cosmopolitan district of Barbes and the picturesque Montmartre. The apartment is on the 6th floor and has two balconies overlooking the boulevard Barbes. Quiet and fully equipped, this is a great place to come home to when visiting Paris. I am at your disposal for further information. 
34146	My place is a bright and peaceful 50 m2, on the fifth floor, really in between Montmartre and the Canal Saint-Martin, 2 famous and typical spots in Paris. In the huge living area you will find a sofa which is also a bed for 2 people. For music lovers, you’ll also enjoy the Denon hifi system and its 2 speakers, a dvd player, cable TV and a large selection of books… For your meals, you have a table for 4 to 8 people. The open kitchen is full equiped : a dish washer a cafe machine, an oven, vitro ceramic, an electric kettle and a lot of cooking accessories, everything to cook the local products you can find on the market hall next door ! There is also a balcony with a nice view and a table a table where you can relax or eat your brunch or dinner. With no vis-à-vis. The bedroom on the courtyard is quiet and has a comfortable bed for peaceful nights and good rest after a day walking in Paris. You’ll also appreciate the roller shutters in the living room and the bedroom. The bathroom has a s	My place is a bright and peaceful 50 m2 really in between Montmartre and the Canal Saint-Martin, 2 famous and typical spots in Paris. My place is a bright and peaceful 50 m2, on the fifth floor, really in between Montmartre and the Canal Saint-Martin, 2 famous and typical spots in Paris. In the huge living area you will find a sofa which is also a bed for 2 people. For music lovers, you’ll also enjoy the Denon hifi system and its 2 speakers, a dvd player, cable TV and a large selection of books… For your meals, you have a table for 4 to 8 people. The open kitchen is full equiped : a dish washer a cafe machine, an oven, vitro ceramic, an electric kettle and a lot of cooking accessories, everything to cook the local products you can find on the market hall next door ! There is also a balcony with a nice view and a table a table where you can relax or eat your brunch or dinner. With no vis-à-vis. The bedroom on the courtyard is quiet and has a comfortable bed for peaceful nights and good 
34147		Bonito estudio de 15m2 a pasos de la estación Gare du Nord y metros de la linea 2 y 4, situado en la cuarta planta de un edificio si bien antiguo es muy cómodo con una capacidad maxima para 3 personas.
34148	Montmartre. In a traditional secure building (digital code and intercom), 6th floor (walk up.) Spacious, clear and quiet apartment (double glazing) of 45 m ² for 4 people with an amazing view over the Sacré-Coeur from the living-room! 1 sofa bed (2 people) in the living room, dining room under light shaft, American equiped kitchen (vitreous ceramics, oven, microwaves, dishwasher), 1 bedroom with large bed and TV, bathroom with (website hidden), WiFi, DVD player Home Cinema. 50 meters from subway station Marcadet-Poissonniers (lines 4 and 12) + bus (Lines 85, 80 and 31) which deserve the main touristic points of Paris (Saint Michel, Champs-Elysées, Eiffel Tower, Montmartre), shops and facilities nearby (Carrefour market, pharmacies, bakeries, banks, laundry).  10 mn walk to the Sacré-Coeur! Ideal to discover Paris and taste the life in Montmartre! A complete and detailed manual of the apartment and the area at disposal upon your arrival. Preferably non-smoking guests. 	Montmartre. In a traditional secure building (digital code and intercom), 6th floor (walk up.) Spacious, clear and quiet apartment (double glazing) of 45 m ² for 4 people with an amazing view over the Sacré-Coeur from the living-room! 1 sofa bed (2 people) in the living room, dining room under light shaft, American equiped kitchen (vitreous ceramics, oven, microwaves, dishwasher), 1 bedroom with large bed and TV, bathroom with (website hidden), WiFi, DVD player Home Cinema. 50 meters from subway station Marcadet-Poissonniers (lines 4 and 12) + bus (Lines 85, 80 and 31) which deserve the main touristic points of Paris (Saint Michel, Champs-Elysées, Eiffel Tower, Montmartre), shops and facilities nearby (Carrefour market, pharmacies, bakeries, banks, laundry).  10 mn walk to the Sacré-Coeur! Ideal to discover Paris and taste the life in Montmartre! A complete and detailed manual of the apartment and the area at disposal upon your arrival. Preferably non-smoking guests. 
34149	The apartment will be cleaned before your arrival, towels and hair-dryer at your disposal. Unlimited Internet and wi-fi access. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor without lift, as the typical Parisian's buildings.	Nice apartment in Paris, well-situated, 5 min away from Montmartre by metro (Ligne 12). This 31m2 apartment, has 1 bedroom with a semi-double bed, a living room equipped with sofa/bed, tv, table for 4 people, a full equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment will be cleaned before your arrival, towels and hair-dryer at your disposal. Unlimited Internet and wi-fi access. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor without lift, as the typical Parisian's buildings. Nice and quiet neighborhood, with a lot of little gardens. Well equipped with a public pool, new library, charming market, and typical Parisian coffees. * 4 minutes away from metro line 12 (Marx Dormoy) that takes you to Sacré Coeur, Place de la Concorde (beginning of Champs Elysées), Assemblée Nationale, Musée d'Orsay and Tour Montparnasse. This line crosses Paris from North to South and has excellent line connections. * 7 minutes away from bus to the train stations Gare du Nord and Gare de L'Est, that have direct connectio
34150	Really nice apartment with a surface of 70 m2. Perfect for couples, friends or families.  This amazing flat with big windows is located on the 10th floor with elevator, there is also a parking box ( 15 euro for night).  The apartment has an open and fully equipped kitchen and a really nice bathroom.  The neighbourhood is lively and safe. There are 2 bedrooms with king size beds, so 4 people can be easily accommodated. As there is also a huge sofa, it can turn to an extra sleeping place for a 5th person. The cupboard is really big and empty so you have much space to arrange your belongings. Multimedia devices : Internet, Wifi, Big TV Screen, Hifi Home Cinema,Telephone, speakers. The living room includes : king-size comfortable sofa, dining table and a library. This room is very spacious, well decorated and colourful. In the fully equipped kitchen you will have: fridge, oven, dish, coffee machine at your disposal.  Bathroom facilities : washing machine, shower, designed washbasin. The WC	Amazing apartment of 70m², perfect for couples, group of friends, or families.  This very nice flat, bright with great windows will sublimate your visit to the Parisian Capital!  Really nice apartment with a surface of 70 m2. Perfect for couples, friends or families.  This amazing flat with big windows is located on the 10th floor with elevator, there is also a parking box ( 15 euro for night).  The apartment has an open and fully equipped kitchen and a really nice bathroom.  The neighbourhood is lively and safe. There are 2 bedrooms with king size beds, so 4 people can be easily accommodated. As there is also a huge sofa, it can turn to an extra sleeping place for a 5th person. The cupboard is really big and empty so you have much space to arrange your belongings. Multimedia devices : Internet, Wifi, Big TV Screen, Hifi Home Cinema,Telephone, speakers. The living room includes : king-size comfortable sofa, dining table and a library. This room is very spacious, well decorated and colo
34151	A quiet, peaceful space in the north of Paris, we rent it out in August when there are no yoga classes. An easy, very secure entrance, on the ground floor, with large windows. The metro lines 4 and 12 are very close and bring you into the heart of Paris in ten minutes (Châtelet and Saint-Germain). The loft space is in a mixed-culture neighborhood —interesting if you're interested in a different view of Paris. We like it a lot, as there are many great restaurants and cafés nearby. It's an area that is growing and evolving into an authentically trendy place.    The new wood floor is not yet in the picture. There's a refrigerator, hot plate, silverware, cutlery, dishes, pots and pans, but no oven, dishwasher, or clothes washer (a laundromat is around the corner). 	Airy, quiet, luminous, comfortable, open, 70 square meter loft space (our yoga studio), with a full bathroom, simple kitchen, and a sleeping niche with a double bed. Remodeled in 2008, with a beautiful new wood floor. Located near two metro lines.  A quiet, peaceful space in the north of Paris, we rent it out in August when there are no yoga classes. An easy, very secure entrance, on the ground floor, with large windows. The metro lines 4 and 12 are very close and bring you into the heart of Paris in ten minutes (Châtelet and Saint-Germain). The loft space is in a mixed-culture neighborhood —interesting if you're interested in a different view of Paris. We like it a lot, as there are many great restaurants and cafés nearby. It's an area that is growing and evolving into an authentically trendy place.    The new wood floor is not yet in the picture. There's a refrigerator, hot plate, silverware, cutlery, dishes, pots and pans, but no oven, dishwasher, or clothes washer (a laundromat is 
34152	Studio métro La chapelle 25m2 . A 10mn du quartier de Pigalle et Montmartre .Immeuble récent. Lit 2 personnes. Cuisine séparée , salle de bain toilette, machine à laver. 6 ème étages + ascenseur. Libre du 15 février au 25 mars 2013.	Studio métro La chapelle 25m2 . A 10mn du quartier de Pigalle et Montmartre .Immeuble récent. Lit 2 personnes. Cuisine séparée , salle de bain toilette, machine à laver. 6 ème étages + ascenseur. Libre du 15 février au 25 mars 2013.
34153	Wood floor, beautiful light and very quiet	Our apartment is localized closed to Sacré Coeur.  40 m2, enjoy a gourmet kitchen and lovely bedroom. A lot of sun, very quite and safe. This nest is perfect for vacations, 100 meters from the subway station and velib' spot (bike service). Wood floor, beautiful light and very quiet All access - 5th floor without elevator ! We will be out of the town to make the apartment free. So, we won't have the chance to meet each other but I check my emails every time and will answer quickly  The atmosphere, the melting pot.  There are a lot of bars and 10 minutes away from Montmartre  Chateau Rouge (subway station - line 4) Marcadet Poissonniers (line 12)
34154	Mon appartement est situé dans le 18eme, a quelques minutes en métro ou 15 minutes a pied de Montmartre. Refait a neuf, il est entièrement meublé et adapté à des séjours courte durée. Sont mis à la disposition des locataires literie, vaisselles et serviettes de toilette.  Vous disposez d'un micro-onde, d'un four, de plaques, d'un frigidaire, d'une machine à café, d'un toaster, d'une bouilloire et machine a laver dans la cuisine. Pour vous détendre, une TV avec câble, un lecteur DVD et des films ainsi qu'une chaine hi-fi sont en libre accès...et si vous souhaitez garder contact avec vos amis ou partager les photos de votre séjour dans cette ville de rêve, vous avez accès à Internet en haut débit, une connexion WI-FI et un téléphone.  L'appartement est proche de tous les commerces (supermarché à 2 minutes, pharmacies, boulangerie, marché classé historique à 5 minutes à pied) mais également de tous les services (banques, cinéma - Quai de Seine -, hôpital...).  Le quartier offre de nombreu	Charmant 2 pièces, proche de Montmartre et de tous les commerces, offrant toutes les commodités pour passer un séjour sans heurts dans la plus belle ville du monde !  Mon appartement est situé dans le 18eme, a quelques minutes en métro ou 15 minutes a pied de Montmartre. Refait a neuf, il est entièrement meublé et adapté à des séjours courte durée. Sont mis à la disposition des locataires literie, vaisselles et serviettes de toilette.  Vous disposez d'un micro-onde, d'un four, de plaques, d'un frigidaire, d'une machine à café, d'un toaster, d'une bouilloire et machine a laver dans la cuisine. Pour vous détendre, une TV avec câble, un lecteur DVD et des films ainsi qu'une chaine hi-fi sont en libre accès...et si vous souhaitez garder contact avec vos amis ou partager les photos de votre séjour dans cette ville de rêve, vous avez accès à Internet en haut débit, une connexion WI-FI et un téléphone.  L'appartement est proche de tous les commerces (supermarché à 2 minutes, pharmacies, boula
34155		Bel appartement parisien tout confort, avec chambre à coucher pour couple et salon  pouvant accueillir une personne sur canapé-lit. Salle d'eau et cuisine moderne. A 100mts de station métro, bus et supermarché. métro à 100 mts  Supermarché  restos multiculturels  pas loin du quartier de Montmartre Quartier très vivant, à proximité restaurations, commerces ouverts jusqu'à tard. Ligne 4 et 12 traversent Paris.  Bus 60 vers parc des buttes chaumont , parc de la villette, montmarte. Station vélib
34156	Bien situé, lumineux, bien équipé.	"Charming and functional (wood paneling and fireplace style 1900) Ideal for 2-4 persons (41 m2). Well connected: Gare du Nord&Est, Metro, bicycle /Velib etc... Discover nearby Montmartre Quarter Pajol the Centquatre la Villette and the Canal of Ourcq. Near Montmartre, the Goutte d'Or and La Villette neighborhood Marx Dormoy / Chapel is in total resurgence. Gourmet trips at moderate prices! ""Les Routiers"" typical Parisian bistro serves a refined cuisine (fresh products and wine - rich meals!). The Olive Market (European African and exotic food shops) is registered among Paris historical monuments since March 8th 1982. Indian cook Muniyandi Vilas prepares in front of street parotta typical breads from southern India. Small terrace ""Gourmet Bistro"" is located in the former railway warehouse (coffee, concerts, exhibitions …) Cultural trips: visit the Bouffes du Nord theater, the Luxor Cinema, the banks of the Ourcq canal (+ MK2 Cinemas), the Point Ephemere (concerts) and the Centquatre (art"
34157	Located in the lively and fun Chateau Rouge district ( 10 minutes walking to Montmartre ), beautiful 450 sf flat, one bedroom, huge windows/ view on historical private courtyard,small kitchen, huge living room to entertain, bathtub, art books, Wi FI, free phone ( worldwide landline, french/usa/canada mobile ).  Kitchen: fridge, cooking plates, kettle, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar) Bedroom: Queen-size bed (phone number hidden) dressing, iron (linens are provided) Bathroom: bathtub, water closet ,washing machine, towels 3 minutes to subway chateau rouge, line 4 ( the most convenient as it goes to Chatelet station in 10 minutes ) 4 minutes to line 12 6 minutes to line 2 Boulangerie, supermarket, open air market, cinema etc...all at 1 minute form house Check-in and check-out times are flexible, unless there are guests arriving/departing the same day, in which case check-in will be from 2pm, and check-out will be at noon. The flat has to left as i	Large loft like artist clean place Located in the lively and fun Chateau Rouge district ( 10 minutes walking to Montmartre ), beautiful 450 sf flat, one bedroom, huge windows/ view on historical private courtyard,small kitchen, huge living room to entertain, bathtub, art books, Wi FI, free phone ( worldwide landline, french/usa/canada mobile ).  Kitchen: fridge, cooking plates, kettle, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar) Bedroom: Queen-size bed (phone number hidden) dressing, iron (linens are provided) Bathroom: bathtub, water closet ,washing machine, towels 3 minutes to subway chateau rouge, line 4 ( the most convenient as it goes to Chatelet station in 10 minutes ) 4 minutes to line 12 6 minutes to line 2 Boulangerie, supermarket, open air market, cinema etc...all at 1 minute form house Check-in and check-out times are flexible, unless there are guests arriving/departing the same day, in which case check-in will be from 2pm, and check-out will be
34158	Beautiful 3 Rooms ,big windows,beautiful view,bright, very pleasant to share in family or between friends.  Just a step from Sacré Coeur of Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge in Pigalle ., equipped well (internet TV big screen led washing machine Armor oven stick induction)  Cleaning lady every Monday included in the rent.	Beautiful 3 Rooms ,big windows,beautiful view,bright, very pleasant to share in family or between friends.  Just a step from Sacré Coeur of Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge in Pigalle ., equipped well (internet TV big screen led washing machine Armor oven stick induction)  Cleaning lady every Monday included in the rent.
34159	Appartement avec chambre donnant sur cour. Beaucoup de charme. Il est très confortable et à proximité de toutes commodités.	Joli deux pièces, 41m2, confortable, grande cuisine équipée, +/- 4 personnes. Situé à château-rouge à 100 mètres du métro. Le quartier est idéalement situé entre Barbès, Marcadet Poissonniers et Montmartre.  A 15 minutes à pied du Sacré-coeur. Appartement avec chambre donnant sur cour. Beaucoup de charme. Il est très confortable et à proximité de toutes commodités. Wifi Machine à laver Nous donnerons volontiers des tips pour visiter paris et sortir dans le quartier pour dîner, boire un verre, et plus ... ! Un quartier très animé, très vivant. Le quartier est très bien desservi. Il existe aussi une borne vélib au pied de l'immeuble. Metro Château- Rouge Faites attention à bien partir avec le trousseau de clef pour ne pas se retrouver locked out.
34160	Joli 2 pièces typiquement parisien, moderne et équipé (four / lave-vaisselle / plaques induction / lave linge). Télé, WIFI. Ensoleillé le matin et très lumineux. Sur rue mais très calme, double vitrage. Draps et serviettes fournies. Près de Montmartre et du Sacré-Coeur et du canal saint-Martin (15 à 20 minutes à pied). Il se prête parfaitement à des séjours en amoureux, en famille, entre amis.  	Lumineux 2 pièces avec parquet et moulures. Chambre avec gd lit. Salon avec cuisine ouverte équipée et lit convertible 2pl. Wifi. Proche métro 2,12,5,7,4, RER B,D,E (direct aéroport). Quartier vivant et cosmopolite. A 10 min de Montmartre et Pigalle. Joli 2 pièces typiquement parisien, moderne et équipé (four / lave-vaisselle / plaques induction / lave linge). Télé, WIFI. Ensoleillé le matin et très lumineux. Sur rue mais très calme, double vitrage. Draps et serviettes fournies. Près de Montmartre et du Sacré-Coeur et du canal saint-Martin (15 à 20 minutes à pied). Il se prête parfaitement à des séjours en amoureux, en famille, entre amis. Toutes les parties de l'appartement sont accessibles. Je serai là pour accueilli les voyageurs. Je serai ravie de leur conseiller des endroits pour se balader, manger, sortir... Je resterai joignable par mail. Quartier cosmopolite, (bobo et populaire à la fois) haut en couleurs, entre le quartier africain et indien.  Proche Montmartre, Pigalle, canal
34161	"Come and enjoy my full equipied and modern studio near Montmartre! Ideal place for 2 people, in a shopping and friendly area. The flat is located near Montmartre (15 minutes walking), and the subway entrance is just in front of the building! (2 lines, the 12th and 4th). The apartment is at the 3rd floor, no elevator, and you will find: -a very confortable bed coach for 2 persons with sheets and blankets furnished; -a separate shower room with an amazing modern shower, and huge mirror; -a kitchen with equipments and furnitures, micro wave, oven, fridge... -a ""bar"", to sit and enjoy a drink or a meal! The apartment is very sunny during the day with two larges windows, street view, but you have automatics shutters to enjoy a very peaceful night, without any noise. In the area, you will find all the shops you need, like the supermarket whish is just in front of the building, across the street!! The building is very peaceful, and you feel like being home naturaly... Besides, it is very easy"	"Come and enjoy my full equipied and modern studio near Montmartre! Ideal place for 2 people, in a shopping and friendly area. The flat is located near Montmartre (15 minutes walking), and the subway entrance is just in front of the building! (2 lines, the 12th and 4th). The apartment is at the 3rd floor, no elevator, and you will find: -a very confortable bed coach for 2 persons with sheets and blankets furnished; -a separate shower room with an amazing modern shower, and huge mirror; -a kitchen with equipments and furnitures, micro wave, oven, fridge... -a ""bar"", to sit and enjoy a drink or a meal! The apartment is very sunny during the day with two larges windows, street view, but you have automatics shutters to enjoy a very peaceful night, without any noise. In the area, you will find all the shops you need, like the supermarket whish is just in front of the building, across the street!! The building is very peaceful, and you feel like being home naturaly... Besides, it is very easy"
34162	"xx Everything around... in a cosy & quiet flat The flat is great for a couple! I live there with my boyfriend and it's really a great place ! It's like a ""nid d'amour"" in french. In the heart of a nice and typical neighbourhood, you can find A LOT OF restaurants (french, asiatic, italian) and pub. You also have a nice market not far away, lot of shops (all the big supermarkets), underground arty places (I will give you all this information ;) nice café, wine shops, bakery and one of the best place for a brunch in the building! xx Equipment  A nice living room with an open bedroom (you can separate easily both rooms), a kitchen  (well equipped : oven, microwaves, hob, fridge, washing machine, etc.), and a bathroom (clothes dryer)  xx Capacity It's perfect for 2 people, but there are two extra sleeps possible on the coach. 30 m2/ 323 ft2"	"Quiet and cosy flat, perfectly located, close to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. // Appartement très calme et ensoleillé donnant sur une petite cour. Particulièrement agréable en été! xx Everything around... in a cosy & quiet flat The flat is great for a couple! I live there with my boyfriend and it's really a great place ! It's like a ""nid d'amour"" in french. In the heart of a nice and typical neighbourhood, you can find A LOT OF restaurants (french, asiatic, italian) and pub. You also have a nice market not far away, lot of shops (all the big supermarkets), underground arty places (I will give you all this information ;) nice café, wine shops, bakery and one of the best place for a brunch in the building! xx Equipment  A nice living room with an open bedroom (you can separate easily both rooms), a kitchen  (well equipped : oven, microwaves, hob, fridge, washing machine, etc.), and a bathroom (clothes dryer)  xx Capacity It's perfect for 2 people, but there are two extra sleeps possible o"
34163	The apartment, 28 sq.m., includes a room with a sofa-bed (2persons), bar, chair, shelves, kitchenette fully equipped with cooking plates, fridge, micro waves, coffee maker, toaster, dishes. The bedroom comes with a two spaces bed. A bathroom with bathtub, toilets. INTERNET ADSL , television, DVD, hi-fi, vacuum-cleaner, hairdryer. The neighborhood is lively and very charming, touristy as well as authentic, bohemian and bourgeois, from small quiet streets with hidden typical Parisian cafés and restaurants to famous places like Amelie’s café “Les Deux Moulins” (in the street of the flat), Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur (the white church) with panoramic view, Place du Tertre ( the artists place), the Dali museum, Pigalle’s night-life… You’ll find traditional artisan shops next to fashion boutiques, young creators, art galleries.. Every weekend a big area (including rue Cauchois), becomes pedestrian, rue Lepic is transformed into a lovely market with fresh quality products, outdoor cafés, street	The apartment, 28 sq.m., includes a room with a sofa-bed (2persons), bar, chair, shelves, kitchenette fully equipped with cooking plates, fridge, micro waves, coffee maker, toaster, dishes. The bedroom comes with a two spaces bed. A bathroom with bathtub, toilets. INTERNET ADSL , television, DVD, hi-fi, vacuum-cleaner, hairdryer. The neighborhood is lively and very charming, touristy as well as authentic, bohemian and bourgeois, from small quiet streets with hidden typical Parisian cafés and restaurants to famous places like Amelie’s café “Les Deux Moulins” (in the street of the flat), Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur (the white church) with panoramic view, Place du Tertre ( the artists place), the Dali museum, Pigalle’s night-life… You’ll find traditional artisan shops next to fashion boutiques, young creators, art galleries.. Every weekend a big area (including rue Cauchois), becomes pedestrian, rue Lepic is transformed into a lovely market with fresh quality products, outdoor cafés, street
34164	A beautiful Parisian room+bathroom all for yourselves!  My place is the perfect hideaway for a romantic trip to Paris. This cosy and stylish room is located in the rue Vincent Compoint, in the heart of trendy and popular at the same time Jules Joffrin/Montmartre district . I decorated the bedroom with a stylish black and white touch with wooden floor for that extra comfort.  There is a large shower in the room. Towels, sheets, soap and shampoo are included. A wifi internet connection can be accessed throughout the apartment.  Toilets are on the same level, just behind the entrance door.  The kitchen upstairs (duplex) is equiped with a refrigerator, microwave,  oven. You have a Nespresso machine and a kettle in your room but you can have breakfast upstairs with french bread and croissants! (8 €) . There is no elevator in the building and the flat is located on the 3rd floor.  The area is filled with numerous Parisian grocery stores, selling baguettes and croissants, cheeses and great wi	Very close to Montmartre, this elegant little room+bathroom has a private access so you can have intimacy and independance. Nespresso machine,kettle,soap and shampoo. Beautiful black and white decoration. Situated in a dead end,thus very very quiet. A beautiful Parisian room+bathroom all for yourselves!  My place is the perfect hideaway for a romantic trip to Paris. This cosy and stylish room is located in the rue Vincent Compoint, in the heart of trendy and popular at the same time Jules Joffrin/Montmartre district . I decorated the bedroom with a stylish black and white touch with wooden floor for that extra comfort.  There is a large shower in the room. Towels, sheets, soap and shampoo are included. A wifi internet connection can be accessed throughout the apartment.  Toilets are on the same level, just behind the entrance door.  The kitchen upstairs (duplex) is equiped with a refrigerator, microwave,  oven. You have a Nespresso machine and a kettle in your room but you can have bre
34165	The whole studio will be for yourselves. About the apartment Our cosy place is the perfect hideawaay for a romantic trip in Paris.This cosy and stylish studio has been renew a year ago. It is located in Rue des Trois Frères, in the heart of trendy and fashionable Montmartre,  just between the funicular that brings you up The Sacre Cœur and place des Abbesses (so parisian!). We decorated this studio to make it cosy with a stylish touch. Wooden floor for more comfort LIVING ROOM : The bright living room have a large window viewing the typical parisian roofs of Montmartre. There is a sofa in the living-room facing TV. At night to transform this room in a bed room you just have to put down the the murphy bed . You can easly leave it down during the day. Otherwise you just have to push it up easely. There is an internet connexion that can be reach in a special place of the apartment KITCHEN The modern kitchen is equipped with a refrigarator, microwave, induction Hobs and a Nespresso machine	The whole studio will be for yourselves. About the apartment Our cosy place is the perfect hideawaay for a romantic trip in Paris.This cosy and stylish studio has been renew a year ago. It is located in Rue des Trois Frères, in the heart of trendy and fashionable Montmartre,  just between the funicular that brings you up The Sacre Cœur and place des Abbesses (so parisian!). We decorated this studio to make it cosy with a stylish touch. Wooden floor for more comfort LIVING ROOM : The bright living room have a large window viewing the typical parisian roofs of Montmartre. There is a sofa in the living-room facing TV. At night to transform this room in a bed room you just have to put down the the murphy bed . You can easly leave it down during the day. Otherwise you just have to push it up easely. There is an internet connexion that can be reach in a special place of the apartment KITCHEN The modern kitchen is equipped with a refrigarator, microwave, induction Hobs and a Nespresso machine
34166		Charming calm and bright 56 square metres apartment in Montmartre. 7th floor with view of Paris and elevator. Located in a very nice area, perfect to discover the parisian way of life. 5 minutes away from the Sacré-Coeur, 2 minutes away from the Lamarck-Caulaincourt subway station.  Do not hesitate to contact us! We will be happy to answer your questions.
34167	Situé à moins de 5 minutes du métro Stalingrad, à deux pas du canal saint Martin, de la la gare du nord et de la gare de l'est. L'appartement est aussi à 15 minutes de Montmarte et du Sacré Coeur et à 10 minutes de la Cité des Sciences de la Villette (un lieu à visiter absolument avec vos enfants !). The appartment is located at less than 5 minutes from the Stalingrad Subway station and very near from the canal St Martin, and from the train stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. It's also at 15 minutes from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur basilic and at 10 minutes from the Cité des Sciences of la Villette (a place you should visit with your children !).	Appartement 2 pièces lumineux et accueillant donnant sur un grand parc et proche des commerces. Salle de bain avec baignoire, wc séparés. Proche transport (métro lignes 2,5et7), à 2 stations des gares du nord et de l'est. Place de parking sécurisée. Situé à moins de 5 minutes du métro Stalingrad, à deux pas du canal saint Martin, de la la gare du nord et de la gare de l'est. L'appartement est aussi à 15 minutes de Montmarte et du Sacré Coeur et à 10 minutes de la Cité des Sciences de la Villette (un lieu à visiter absolument avec vos enfants !). The appartment is located at less than 5 minutes from the Stalingrad Subway station and very near from the canal St Martin, and from the train stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. It's also at 15 minutes from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur basilic and at 10 minutes from the Cité des Sciences of la Villette (a place you should visit with your children !). Le logement est entièrement accessible. Il comporte 4 couchages : un lit deux places da
34168	"In the heart of Abbesses (""Amelie's area""), very close to  the Sacré-Coeur and Moulin Rouge, charming studette (14m2), sunny and fully equipped. Located on the  6th floor of an old-style building, it provides  a lovely view over parisian roofs. It has two single beds, a small kitchen corner, and closets. The bathroom is separated from the main room thanks to a sliding door. The area of les Abbesses is well-known for its ""village"" style in the heart of Paris. It is full of cosy trendy bars, young designers' boutiques and excellent restaurants with a wide range of prices. You will be 2 minutes away from highly touristic places like the Sacré-Coeur, the Place du Tertre and the Moulin Rouge. Several metro stations are very near: Blanche (line 2), Abbesses (line 12) or Pigalle (Lines 12 and 2). A ""velib"" (bike-hire) station is just down the street."	"In the heart of Abbesses (""Amelie's area""), very close to  the Sacré-Coeur and Moulin Rouge, charming studette (14m2), sunny and fully equipped. Located on the  6th floor of an old-style building, it provides  a lovely view over parisian roofs. It has two single beds, a small kitchen corner, and closets. The bathroom is separated from the main room thanks to a sliding door. The area of les Abbesses is well-known for its ""village"" style in the heart of Paris. It is full of cosy trendy bars, young designers' boutiques and excellent restaurants with a wide range of prices. You will be 2 minutes away from highly touristic places like the Sacré-Coeur, the Place du Tertre and the Moulin Rouge. Several metro stations are very near: Blanche (line 2), Abbesses (line 12) or Pigalle (Lines 12 and 2). A ""velib"" (bike-hire) station is just down the street."
34169		Nice appartment close to Sacre Coeur and heart of Paris
34170	52m2 (560 square ft), one large living room (25m2 : table, very good sofa bed, HiFi system, wireless and cable modem, phone (free calls to more than 70 countries in the world, including US, European countries, etc.), web TV etc.)).  Separate room (Double bed , shelves, windows, orientated to the south) Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, microwave, toaster, cupboards, coffee maker, etc.) Bathroom & toilets (shower, hot water), a kitchen (US style, as French people call them).  In beetween (3 minutes from each ) the two well connected metro stations La Chapelle (line 2, 4, RER B, A) and Marx Dormoy (Line 12). In the 18th of Paris, 5-7 minutes by walk (2 minutes by taxi) away from Gare du Nord (North train station, directly linked to the two airports and London by Eurostar). 2 stations from Montmartre and the world reknown square “les Abesses”. 1 station away for the “canal de l’Ourq”, the very relaxing canal and its fashion but relaxing cafés and only 15 minutes from LES CHAMPS ELYSEE	52m2 (560 square ft), one large living room (25m2 : table, very good sofa bed, HiFi system, wireless and cable modem, phone (free calls to more than 70 countries in the world, including US, European countries, etc.), web TV etc.)).  Separate room (Double bed , shelves, windows, orientated to the south) Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, microwave, toaster, cupboards, coffee maker, etc.) Bathroom & toilets (shower, hot water), a kitchen (US style, as French people call them).  In beetween (3 minutes from each ) the two well connected metro stations La Chapelle (line 2, 4, RER B, A) and Marx Dormoy (Line 12). In the 18th of Paris, 5-7 minutes by walk (2 minutes by taxi) away from Gare du Nord (North train station, directly linked to the two airports and London by Eurostar). 2 stations from Montmartre and the world reknown square “les Abesses”. 1 station away for the “canal de l’Ourq”, the very relaxing canal and its fashion but relaxing cafés and only 15 minutes from LES CHAMPS ELYSEE
34171	Situé au 1er étage, au fond d'une cour calme, arborée. Rue avec de multiples commerces et à 5min du métro Chateau Rouge. L'immeuble possède une concierge (très efficace et sympathique), un local à vélo fermant à clé. Pas de voisins de pallier car ce sont 2 appartements réunis en 1 seul. 	En collocation à 3 dans un appartement de 65 m2 situé au 1er étage, au fond d'une cour calme, arborée. Située dans une rue avec de multiples commerces et des facilités de transport. Un grand salon lumineux de 25m2. Préférence séjour 5 jours minimum. Situé au 1er étage, au fond d'une cour calme, arborée. Rue avec de multiples commerces et à 5min du métro Chateau Rouge. L'immeuble possède une concierge (très efficace et sympathique), un local à vélo fermant à clé. Pas de voisins de pallier car ce sont 2 appartements réunis en 1 seul. L'appartement possède un internet Wifi gratuit dont je vous donnerai le code d'accès, un téléphone avec appel gratuit sur un grand nombre de pays internationaux. Vous aurez évidemment accès à la salle de bains et au salon-cuisine équipé  ( four, congélateur, bouilloire, grille-pain...) A votre disposition pour échanger via mail avant votre arrivée et en direct si je ne suis pas déjà partie en congés au moment d votre arrivée. Dans ce cas mes colocataires for
34172		Pas d'animaux désolé No pets sorry
34173	The apartment is in the ground floor with huge beams from the 18th century.  Facing a small and quiet a courtyard. 2 people in a king size bed.  2 extra guests on the sofa convertible ( made in Italy ) turns into a real bed 1.90 X 1.40m with mattress 14 cm of thick foam high Ergolatex résilience. The apartment is equiped with : TV, unlimited high speed internet access.  Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen ustensils The 18th century walk up building is equiped with : security code, intercom.  The apartment is located right in the center of LE MARAIS  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- 	The apartment is in the ground floor with huge beams from the 18th century.  Facing a small and quiet a courtyard. 2 people in a king size bed.  2 extra guests on the sofa convertible ( made in Italy ) turns into a real bed 1.90 X 1.40m with mattress 14 cm of thick foam high Ergolatex résilience. The apartment is equiped with : TV, unlimited high speed internet access.  Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen ustensils The 18th century walk up building is equiped with : security code, intercom.  The apartment is located right in the center of LE MARAIS  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- The apartment is only for you, to make you feel like it is your home. Nothing personnal is in the apartment that could make you feel embarrassed. During your stay, it is YOUR HOME. Anything that could make your stay more comfortable, more pleasant will be done. Just ask (as long as it is possible)! I will be at the apartment waiting for
34174	This apartment is organized as follows: On the ground floor in a courtyard of a typical old  Marais building: main living room with a sofa, a open kitchen  with a table and two chairs, a bedroom with a queen size bed (140cm x190cm) and a bathroom with walk-in shower and a toilet. It is equipped with wifi, TV with international channels, hifi, phone with free calls to many countries, hair dryer,  fridge, electric induction hob, washing and drying  machine, kettle and Nespresso coffee machine. This apartment, typical of the Paris historical buildings,  is relatively low ceiling, not suitable for tall people (over 1.90 m) Cet appartement est organisé comme suit : Au rez-de-chaussée d'une cour intérieur d’un immeuble ancien du Marais : une pièce principale avec un canapé, une cuisine ouverte à l’américaine avec une table et deux chaises, une chambre avec un lit double 140X190, et, une salle de bains avec douche à l’italienne et un WC. Il est équipé de wifi, télé avec bouquet 100 chaînes, c	Nice 2 rooms flat  in the Marais area, 28 sqm, in an hotel particulier build in 1792 métro Hôtel de Ville /line 1 Mignon 2 pièces en plein Marais, de 28 m2, dans un  style atelier donnant sur la  cour d'un hôtel particulier de 1792. This apartment is organized as follows: On the ground floor in a courtyard of a typical old  Marais building: main living room with a sofa, a open kitchen  with a table and two chairs, a bedroom with a queen size bed (140cm x190cm) and a bathroom with walk-in shower and a toilet. It is equipped with wifi, TV with international channels, hifi, phone with free calls to many countries, hair dryer,  fridge, electric induction hob, washing and drying  machine, kettle and Nespresso coffee machine. This apartment, typical of the Paris historical buildings,  is relatively low ceiling, not suitable for tall people (over 1.90 m) Cet appartement est organisé comme suit : Au rez-de-chaussée d'une cour intérieur d’un immeuble ancien du Marais : une pièce principale avec
34175	this studio is perfect for a couple, he looks like a very cosy hotel bedroom. with all commodities, very clean and typically french atmosphere everything in the flat i will do the best to leave you a good memories of your travel the flat is in the perfect location, on the main street in the the marais, close all shop and restaurant and metro everything in the flat i will do the best to leave you a good memories of your travel the flat is in the perfect location, on the main street in the the marais, close all shop and restaurant and metro	very cosy and nice studio is the perfect location to discover Paris, very central near all shops and commodities, bakery, restaurant and garden. You will feel like in a hotel room for better quality!!!!
34176	Exceptional location in the heart of Paris, in the Marais district ranked near all the monuments and museums	In an old 17th century building, typical of the Marais, a small room on the 4th floor while sunny and quiet comfort, including a main room, a kitchenette, shower, private toilet attached, safe with digital lock and intercom. Exceptional location in the heart of Paris, in the Marais district ranked near all the monuments and museums Access to parks, museums, typical restaurants.
34177	Ce charmant studio est situé en plein cœur du typique quartier du Marais. Vous n'aurez que l'embarras du choix en restaurants et en balades dans ces rues réputées pour leurs boutiques atypiques. Vous pourrez également vous rendre facilement à pieds, Vélib ou métro voir les principaux sites touristiques de Paris. Ce studio est composé d'une pièce principale avec un lit double de 1.40m, avec une excellente qualité de literie. La cuisine ouverte est totalement équipée et vous pourrez prendre vos petit-déjeuners et vos repas sur une table idéale pour deux. Une salle de bains avec douche complète l'ensemble. Cet espace cosy a été aménagé avec des matériaux de qualité, il vous apportera après vos expéditions parisiennes un environnement chaleureux et reposant. Nous préférons vous informer que comme la plupart des immeubles typiques du Marais il n'y a pas d'ascenseur et l'appartement est situé au 4è (website hidden) perdez pas une minute de votre temps pour découvrir Paris, le ménage de votre	Un studio niché sous les toits en plein cœur du Marais Ce charmant studio est situé en plein cœur du typique quartier du Marais. Vous n'aurez que l'embarras du choix en restaurants et en balades dans ces rues réputées pour leurs boutiques atypiques. Vous pourrez également vous rendre facilement à pieds, Vélib ou métro voir les principaux sites touristiques de Paris. Ce studio est composé d'une pièce principale avec un lit double de 1.40m, avec une excellente qualité de literie. La cuisine ouverte est totalement équipée et vous pourrez prendre vos petit-déjeuners et vos repas sur une table idéale pour deux. Une salle de bains avec douche complète l'ensemble. Cet espace cosy a été aménagé avec des matériaux de qualité, il vous apportera après vos expéditions parisiennes un environnement chaleureux et reposant. Nous préférons vous informer que comme la plupart des immeubles typiques du Marais il n'y a pas d'ascenseur et l'appartement est situé au 4è (website hidden) perdez pas une minute 
34178	The apartment faces East (Kitchen), South and West (living Room) - No elevator. One bedroom (with a queen size bed -160 X 200 cm). Linens (sheets and towels) provided  Free high speed WIFI, one bicycle available for guest,  Heating collective and included.  Fully equiped kitchen : micro wave, toaster, oven, Nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher, washing machine, fridge.. 	70 m2 (740 sqft) 1 bdr superb apartment. Heart of Le Marais. 4th and last floor with 5 windows offering lots of sunlight and views on a small park and historical buildings.Wifi. For 1 or a couple. The apartment faces East (Kitchen), South and West (living Room) - No elevator. One bedroom (with a queen size bed -160 X 200 cm). Linens (sheets and towels) provided  Free high speed WIFI, one bicycle available for guest,  Heating collective and included.  Fully equiped kitchen : micro wave, toaster, oven, Nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher, washing machine, fridge.. My apartment is available when I am travelling. I may not be there during your stay but you will be able to see me at arrival and reach me at any time or contact a close friend of mine for any help. Great LOCATION: between 3rd and 4th district. You will be able to walk to most of Paris downtown  : a few minutes to Musee Picasso, Beaubourg Museum, Place des Vosges, Notre Dame. 30 minutes to Le Louvre. Close to lots of cafés, sh
34179	A lot of charm for this 20m2 studio apartment, with a perfect localization.	"Studio with a lot of charm with everything you need and a perfect location : in the heart of the 4th arrondissement. 2 minutes walking to reach the ""Centre Pompidou"" and 5 minutes walking for ""Châtelet"". Metro station : 1 minute walking."
34180	The studio has a large living space with a separate mezzanine serves as bedroom for two.  The living space also has a couch which can accommodate up to two extra people.  There is a large kitchen built separate from the living space where two person can easily sit down to diner and of course a comfortable bathroom with shower too. A large wardrobe for your belonging is set up, as well as a office desk and coffee table.	Rue Vieille du Temple / Rivoli. Large and comfortable studio with living room, mezzanine bedroom and separate in-dining kitchen. Perfect for two, good up to 4 people. The studio has a large living space with a separate mezzanine serves as bedroom for two.  The living space also has a couch which can accommodate up to two extra people.  There is a large kitchen built separate from the living space where two person can easily sit down to diner and of course a comfortable bathroom with shower too. A large wardrobe for your belonging is set up, as well as a office desk and coffee table. The apartment is on the 4th floor with no elevator like 90% of buildings in Le Marais. The building has a large and accessible staircase therefore it's no pain to get up the stairs. Welcoming and assistance upon your arrival and will be reachable all the time for your inquiries and make sure you have the best stay at the apartment. I enjoy very much living in this place, the windows are both located in the 
34181	Neighborhood: This furnished apartment is located on a lively and historical street in the Marais area, close to Place des Vosges and its harmonious architecture, art galleries and where, at number 6, the famous French novelist Victor Hugo (Les Misérables) lived. The Place de la Bastille, symbol of the French Republic and an important point of interest in Paris, is just a 15-minute walk away. There are also museums, art galleries, designer shops, as well as diverse types of trendy bars and restaurants near this accommodation. Premises:  This 35m² (approx. 375 sq. ft.) studio apartment is located on the third floor of a 17th century walk-up building. The main entrance gate is protected by a coded security system and it opens into a hall with a second glass door with an intercom. This opens into a corridor leading to the staircase. The apartment entrance opens directly into the kitchen area, which gives access to the bathroom and the toilette. The main room is straight ahead from the ent	 This furnished apartment is located on a lively and historical street in the Marais area, close to Place des Vosges and its harmonious architecture, art gallerieselist Neighborhood: This furnished apartment is located on a lively and historical street in the Marais area, close to Place des Vosges and its harmonious architecture, art galleries and where, at number 6, the famous French novelist Victor Hugo (Les Misérables) lived. The Place de la Bastille, symbol of the French Republic and an important point of interest in Paris, is just a 15-minute walk away. There are also museums, art galleries, designer shops, as well as diverse types of trendy bars and restaurants near this accommodation. Premises:  This 35m² (approx. 375 sq. ft.) studio apartment is located on the third floor of a 17th century walk-up building. The main entrance gate is protected by a coded security system and it opens into a hall with a second glass door with an intercom. This opens into a corridor leading to the 
34182	The entire 5th and 6th floor of a typical Parisian building. Upper floor has LR, DR, kitchen, bedroom (queen), split bath with stall shower, and three balconies. Lower level has master bedroom (king), kids room (2 bunks), and another bedroom (queen).  Each bedroom is far apart from the others offering great privacy.  Large window facing South and North make the space unusually bright. Two front balconies overlook the Pompidou, a pedestrian street, and Les Halles. Rear balcony overlooks rooftops. This is our home, so the kitchen is equipped for serious cooking.	This 4BR/2BA apartment occupies the entire top two floors and features three balconies and elevator.  On a charming pedestrian street overlooking the Pompidou Museum, 5 minutes walk from the Seine, Marais, Notre Dame, Chatelet.  The entire 5th and 6th floor of a typical Parisian building. Upper floor has LR, DR, kitchen, bedroom (queen), split bath with stall shower, and three balconies. Lower level has master bedroom (king), kids room (2 bunks), and another bedroom (queen).  Each bedroom is far apart from the others offering great privacy.  Large window facing South and North make the space unusually bright. Two front balconies overlook the Pompidou, a pedestrian street, and Les Halles. Rear balcony overlooks rooftops. This is our home, so the kitchen is equipped for serious cooking. You can walk to every major Paris attraction from our apartment, including Paris' best market street (Motor
34183	THE APARTMENT : This charming 40 square meters,  apartment is located on a pedestrian area in the 4th arrondissement, on the 1st  French floor of a 16th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people in a king size bed. 1 extra guest on the sofa convertible (new since april 2013!). The apartment is equiped with : washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen ustensils The 16th century walk up building is equiped with : security code, intercom.  The apartment is located in a very quiet area (pedestrian area) The largest station in Europe Châtelet-Les Halles is a bustling area where you can find whatever you need whenever you want: grocery stores, clothing stores, restaurants, bars... This district has everything! The district is served by Hotel de Ville metro stations. Beaubourg offers all kinds of commodities: restaurants, snack bars, fast food, cafés, bars, pubs, boutiques (fashion, sports, music, art), grocery sto	THE APARTMENT : This charming 40 square meters,  apartment is located on a pedestrian area in the 4th arrondissement, on the 1st  French floor of a 16th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people in a king size bed. 1 extra guest on the sofa convertible (new since april 2013!). The apartment is equiped with : washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen ustensils The 16th century walk up building is equiped with : security code, intercom.  The apartment is located in a very quiet area (pedestrian area) The largest station in Europe Châtelet-Les Halles is a bustling area where you can find whatever you need whenever you want: grocery stores, clothing stores, restaurants, bars... This district has everything! The district is served by Hotel de Ville metro stations. Beaubourg offers all kinds of commodities: restaurants, snack bars, fast food, cafés, bars, pubs, boutiques (fashion, sports, music, art), grocery sto
34184	The flat is well decorated and cosy. It's a great place to experience real parisian life. You will close to every main attraction of Paris. And most of them are reacheable by foot. The flat has a nice size bathroom and small kitchen where you can cook nice breakfast before discovering the city. The flat is super quiet to relax and chill after a long day of visit. Wifi, sheets and towels are also provided.	The flat offers one of the best location to experiment the real parisian life. Also the building provide a unique experience on sleeping on one of the oldest building of Paris (400 years old !). It's a real time travel in a romantic environment. The flat is well decorated and cosy. It's a great place to experience real parisian life. You will close to every main attraction of Paris. And most of them are reacheable by foot. The flat has a nice size bathroom and small kitchen where you can cook nice breakfast before discovering the city. The flat is super quiet to relax and chill after a long day of visit. Wifi, sheets and towels are also provided. 1 minute for the building on the back there is a supermarket open late until midnight. Perfect for a late snack or breackfast shopping. On the corner there is one of the best bakery of Paris (le petit versailles). The flat is located close to the stations saint paul (line1), hotel de ville (line1 &11) and pont marie (line 7). There are two bik
34185	Located in the heart of Marais District (Rue des Ecouffes) - Ground floor with a courtyard view. It’s a lovely, clean and super comfortable apartment maintained to a high standard, perfect for a couple or a single traveler. We are literally steps away of many tourist attractions; the distances of some Paris landmarks from the flat:  -2 minutes walk to Rivoli street  -5 minutes walk to Carnavalet Museum  -7 minutes walk to Place des Vosges  -15 minutes walk to Notre-Dame Cathedral or Ile Saint Louis  The accommodation features :  -Queen size bed-160cm  -Flat-screen TV  -Clean linen and towels provided for each guest   -Free WI-Fi   -Hangers in the closet  -Private bathroom (with hairdryer and towels)  -Small Kitchen  -A Large variety of restaurants (rue des rosiers within 1 minutes walk), cafes, and shops are around.  -Within 10 minute distance there are – English, Italian, Thai, French, Chinese, Japanese, restaurants available  -Supermarkets (Franprix, G20, Monop) – within 5 minute dis	Located in the heart of Marais District (Rue des Ecouffes) on the ground floor with a courtyard view. It’s a lovely, clean and super comfortable apartment maintained to a high standard, perfect for a couple or a single traveler. Located in the heart of Marais District (Rue des Ecouffes) - Ground floor with a courtyard view. It’s a lovely, clean and super comfortable apartment maintained to a high standard, perfect for a couple or a single traveler. We are literally steps away of many tourist attractions; the distances of some Paris landmarks from the flat:  -2 minutes walk to Rivoli street  -5 minutes walk to Carnavalet Museum  -7 minutes walk to Place des Vosges  -15 minutes walk to Notre-Dame Cathedral or Ile Saint Louis  The accommodation features :  -Queen size bed-160cm  -Flat-screen TV  -Clean linen and towels provided for each guest   -Free WI-Fi   -Hangers in the closet  -Private bathroom (with hairdryer and towels)  -Small Kitchen  -A Large variety of restaurants (rue des rosi
34186	Ideal for a couple or one person wishing to stay in the historical heart of Paris for a short period. In the heart of the very prized district of the 'Marais', in an historical ancient building, on the fifth floor WITHOUT any elevator.  Bent this beautiful studio with a view of the roofs of Paris, and a very calm courtyard.  You will find in this apartment a large living-room with an equipped kitchen, a shower-room with a sink, independent toilets (inside the apartment of course). You will find equipment such as : television, desk, a two-person bed, washing machine, cutlery, plates and so on... You will find everything you need near the flat:  shops, restaurants, bars, transports and so on.... In the beginning of the vieille du temple road, between St Paul's and Hotel de ville's tube stops (2 to 3 minutes walking distance) Restaurants, Bars, Shopping, Transports, (phone number hidden) (email hidden) Rendez vous in the front of building and i will show you all ...  I live just near and 	Ideal for a couple or one person wishing to stay in the historical heart of Paris for a short period. In the heart of the very prized district of the 'Marais', in an historical ancient building, on the fifth floor. Ideal for a couple or one person wishing to stay in the historical heart of Paris for a short period. In the heart of the very prized district of the 'Marais', in an historical ancient building, on the fifth floor WITHOUT any elevator.  Bent this beautiful studio with a view of the roofs of Paris, and a very calm courtyard.  You will find in this apartment a large living-room with an equipped kitchen, a shower-room with a sink, independent toilets (inside the apartment of course). You will find equipment such as : television, desk, a two-person bed, washing machine, cutlery, plates and so on... You will find everything you need near the flat:  shops, restaurants, bars, transports and so on.... In the beginning of the vieille du temple road, between St Paul's and Hotel de vil
34187	"   The apartment is located in ""le Marais"", on arrival you will pass a large green door and discover the charm of the old, completely restored heritage in shades of ocher and ancient stones, a beautiful courtyard and quiet so typical of le Marais. You can get to the apartment by the building on your right, on the first floor is the apartment .. By pushing the door, you go directly to the living / dining room. Whether you are 4 or 2 you can eat on the glass table for a real meal or lunch-friendly 'on the run' on the bar of the kitchen. The sofa in the living room is also a great brand Epeda bed, very comfortable and very convenient to install. 2 large windows overlooking the Rue de Turenne, its lovely shops and garden of a mansion. The bathroom has a shower spacious and luxurious. The room has a bed of 180 cm and a large dressing room very functional customized to store all your belongings. No loss of everything has been thought up! (ceiling height 2m) The apartment has an ADSL connecti"	"   The apartment is located in ""le Marais"", on arrival you will pass a large green door and discover the charm of the old, completely restored heritage in shades of ocher and ancient stones, a beautiful courtyard and quiet so typical of le Marais. You can get to the apartment by the building on your right, on the first floor is the apartment .. By pushing the door, you go directly to the living / dining room. Whether you are 4 or 2 you can eat on the glass table for a real meal or lunch-friendly 'on the run' on the bar of the kitchen. The sofa in the living room is also a great brand Epeda bed, very comfortable and very convenient to install. 2 large windows overlooking the Rue de Turenne, its lovely shops and garden of a mansion. The bathroom has a shower spacious and luxurious. The room has a bed of 180 cm and a large dressing room very functional customized to store all your belongings. No loss of everything has been thought up! (ceiling height 2m) The apartment has an ADSL connecti"
34188		Make yourself at home in my cosy little flat; it's ideally located to visit Paris!
34189	Coin tranquille à St Paul. Situé dans le Marais, proche métro St Paul, Bastille et les quais de Seine, joli appartement pour 4 personnes sur une vaste cour, confortable et dans un état impeccable. Idéalement équipé ( tv, wi-fi, machine à laver ) et très bien décoré. Parfait endroit pour débuter une longue promenade parisienne à pied.	Coin tranquille à St Paul. Situé dans le Marais, proche métro St Paul, Bastille et les quais de Seine, joli appartement pour 4 personnes sur une vaste cour, confortable et dans un état impeccable.  Coin tranquille à St Paul. Situé dans le Marais, proche métro St Paul, Bastille et les quais de Seine, joli appartement pour 4 personnes sur une vaste cour, confortable et dans un état impeccable. Idéalement équipé ( tv, wi-fi, machine à laver ) et très bien décoré. Parfait endroit pour débuter une longue promenade parisienne à pied.
34190	Prime central location in the Marais. Immediate access to metro, buses, taxis, public rental bikes and cars. Restaurants and all shops in immediate vicinity. Close to many public monuments and museums. Short walk to the Seine, Ile St Lois and IIe de la Cite and Notre Dame Cathedral.	2nd floor artist's studio and apartment. 17th century building. High ceilings, spacious living area. 3 small bedrooms. All mod cons.  Prime central location in the Marais. Immediate access to metro, buses, taxis, public rental bikes and cars. Restaurants and all shops in immediate vicinity. Close to many public monuments and museums. Short walk to the Seine, Ile St Lois and IIe de la Cite and Notre Dame Cathedral. The beauty of the buildings, the neighbourhood is always lively and busy day and evening. The shops are varied and beautifully presented. Public transport in immediate vicinity. The apartment overlooks Metro St Paul, line1. Taxi rank in front of the building also buses. Municipal Velo and car hire in close vicinity.  Central location gives easy walking access to many places of interest.
34191	Situation in center of Paris	independant little studio in Marais area historic center of Paris near restaurant,bars,shopping and nightlife metro is at 50 m.Internet, tv,Wc,shower Situation in center of Paris Internet  TV shopping nightlife My apartment is on same building Shopping and night life Metro at 50m
34192	Near the Republican Guard, you may hear the horses walk by opening the window, in a very calm environment, unique in Paris. Up to 2 people can stay in comfort, and enjoy all our equipments (wifi, 3D TV, equipped kitchen with washing machine and dishwasher…). 	Living-room with double sofa bed (duvet, bed linen and towels incl.) in a charming 1 bedroom apartment from late 19th century. Fully equipped kitchen. Bathroom with toilets. Ideal and unique location: you may hear the horses of the Republican Guard! Near the Republican Guard, you may hear the horses walk by opening the window, in a very calm environment, unique in Paris. Up to 2 people can stay in comfort, and enjoy all our equipments (wifi, 3D TV, equipped kitchen with washing machine and dishwasher…). We will be happy to advise you on visits, activities in the neighborhood, parties, concerts, restaurants, museums. Almost everything is within walking distance (Saint-Louis island at 5mins, Louvre at 20mins, Bastille at 5mins, Le Marais at 5 mins, St Michel fountain at 10mins…) which is ideal to enjoy Paris life comfortably. For food, butcher, caterer, cheese, fruits and vegetables little shops are very close. But you can also go to a supermarket across the street, and a very big market
34193	Room available into a 3 bedrooms flat, 81m² with a living room and an opened kitchen, very nice for socializing every time. Located at the 5th floor with stairs only (good for doing sport without doing sport). In the bathroom, you could have shower or bath, up to you, we have both option. You will be welcomed by one of the 3 boys. We are all friends for many years now, working in different areas (marketing, consulting, medicine). The best of this flat : the sunny balcony with a the most handsome view !!	Room (double bed) available in a friendly and quiet flat in the middle of Paris, in front of the Tour Saint Jacques, view on the Conciergerie and many buildings from the sunny balcony Easy access (Châtelet) / great location and very convenient Room available into a 3 bedrooms flat, 81m² with a living room and an opened kitchen, very nice for socializing every time. Located at the 5th floor with stairs only (good for doing sport without doing sport). In the bathroom, you could have shower or bath, up to you, we have both option. You will be welcomed by one of the 3 boys. We are all friends for many years now, working in different areas (marketing, consulting, medicine). The best of this flat : the sunny balcony with a the most handsome view !! Kitchen, living room, bathroom and balcony.  Most part of the time, there is one of us (3 roomates) staying at the flat, so you will have the opportunity to share and interact if you want. The neighborhood will match all your expectations : you wi
34194	Charming apartment in a typical parisian apartment in the style of the marais. The apartment is in the 4th floor and has one living room (with luxe italian fold out couch), separate dining room and kitchen, one bedroom with lovely view on the St. Paul church. The aparment is bathed in light and is very calm and quiet	Beautiful 70sqm apartment rue Saint Paul in the heart of Marais  with typical charm view on St.Paul church from the bedroom calm and sunny. Ideal location to explore Paris. Charming apartment in a typical parisian apartment in the style of the marais. The apartment is in the 4th floor and has one living room (with luxe italian fold out couch), separate dining room and kitchen, one bedroom with lovely view on the St. Paul church. The aparment is bathed in light and is very calm and quiet The apartment is entirely equiped with inernet, wi-fi, washing and drying machine, etc.. Feel free to contact me if you need further information or advice on your trip. Situated rue St. Paul in the heart of the marais, the area has many cafes, galleries, and shops to enjoy.
34195	Confortable and cosy 1 bedroom flat	A comfortable one bedroom flat in the heart of Paris ..for 2 persons. We are 2 guys and we living ear full year ..so we are able to rent our flat during our vacation. Confortable and cosy 1 bedroom flat Full equipped Kitchen, Living room, Dining room, Bedroom and our 2 bikes Very centrally placed in Paris, you can reach easily all the amenities  Métro Ligne 1 - Station HOTEL DE VILLE RER A/ B CHATELET LES HALLES Métro Ligne 11 RAMBUTEAU
34196	Enjoy the tranquility in a unique place.  Located in the vibrant and growing Marais district, this apartment will seduce you by its hyper centricity!  It can comfortably accommodate 2 people. There is a double bed in a room. Anyway it is possible to use the extra bed (convertible sofabed) so you can be up to 4 persones.  Centre Pompidou Museum is 30 meters away.  The flat offers:  -a fully equipped kitchen -washing machine -wifi -hair dryer -plenty of storage -bathroom	"Charming & romantic 30m2 (323 sq ft) flat in the trendy area of ""Le Marais"".  Fully renovated and well equipped. Cosy, convenient, and ideally located:  in the center of the Marais / Centre Pompidou / Hotel de Ville / Saint Paul.  Enjoy the tranquility in a unique place.  Located in the vibrant and growing Marais district, this apartment will seduce you by its hyper centricity!  It can comfortably accommodate 2 people. There is a double bed in a room. Anyway it is possible to use the extra bed (convertible sofabed) so you can be up to 4 persones.  Centre Pompidou Museum is 30 meters away.  The flat offers:  -a fully equipped kitchen -washing machine -wifi -hair dryer -plenty of storage -bathroom You will have access to everything You can ask anything to my boyfriend and me. We will try our best to help you have a nice stay in Paris.  This flat is located in the 4th arrondissement, a chic, dynamic, full of life, very good transport connections, traditional and safe.  You can find lots o"
34197	Chic Martin is a very spacious and comfortable 2 bedroom apartment located in the very sought after 4err Arrondissement of Paris. Suitable for a romantic getaway two couples or a family with teenagers .The apartment is not adapted for babies and children under 10years. Home away from home you have all the modern conveniences for a comfortable stay. The apartment has been designed to a very high standard with great attention to detail and style. A built in German Kitchen has all you need to create a perfect meal with built in micro wave under counter oven 3 ring hob large fridge with an ice compartment . Fully stocked with crockery,cutlery,utensils, pots & pans etc.. A Flat screen TV & Wi Fi will keep you connected and entertained.  The master bedroom has a Queen size bed the second bedroom has a high quality convertible sofa bed very comfortable for two adults.  There is also a security safe for your use. 	A wonderful two bedroom apartment located in a hip neighborhood, sleeps up to 4 guests. There is a 100€ sofa bed fee over 2 guests. Chic Martin is a very spacious and comfortable 2 bedroom apartment located in the very sought after 4err Arrondissement of Paris. Suitable for a romantic getaway two couples or a family with teenagers .The apartment is not adapted for babies and children under 10years. Home away from home you have all the modern conveniences for a comfortable stay. The apartment has been designed to a very high standard with great attention to detail and style. A built in German Kitchen has all you need to create a perfect meal with built in micro wave under counter oven 3 ring hob large fridge with an ice compartment . Fully stocked with crockery,cutlery,utensils, pots & pans etc.. A Flat screen TV & Wi Fi will keep you connected and entertained.  The master bedroom has a Queen size bed the second bedroom has a high quality convertible sofa bed very comfortable for two ad
34198	LOVELY SWEET & COSY APARTMENT  in the center of PARIS, Le Marais.  The most beautiful area of Paris.  With perfect place for shopping, restaurants, museums & walk.  Located between metro stations Saint Paul, Bastille & Sully Morland.  Right next to Place des Voges, La Seine... and Ile Saint Louis. 10 minutes of walk from Notre Dame  & direct bus to St. Germain des Près.  You'll be in the most AUTHENTIC & OLD Paris  IN the apartment who goes with it  for a UNIQUE experience. 25m2 BRIGHT & VERY CALM At the 4th floor, under the roof.  Fireplace, bricks & beams  old fashion way, very well decorated.    WIFI, telephone & TV  Double bed & shower cubicle with fresh bed linen & towels   Kitchen fully equipped with a washing machine & a great coffee machine. I'll be happy to welcome you in my magic place! Feel free to ask if you have any questions. 	LOVELY SWEET & COSY APARTMENT  in the center of PARIS, Le Marais.  The most beautiful area of Paris.  With perfect place for shopping, restaurants, museums & walk.  Located between metro stations Saint Paul, Bastille & Sully Morland.  Right next to Place des Voges, La Seine... and Ile Saint Louis. 10 minutes of walk from Notre Dame  & direct bus to St. Germain des Près.  You'll be in the most AUTHENTIC & OLD Paris  IN the apartment who goes with it  for a UNIQUE experience. 25m2 BRIGHT & VERY CALM At the 4th floor, under the roof.  Fireplace, bricks & beams  old fashion way, very well decorated.    WIFI, telephone & TV  Double bed & shower cubicle with fresh bed linen & towels   Kitchen fully equipped with a washing machine & a great coffee machine. I'll be happy to welcome you in my magic place! Feel free to ask if you have any questions. 
34199	"This is 60 sqm2 flat in a XVIIe century artistic building (painting workshop at the ground floor, violonist at the 3rd floor...). The flat will be all for you : 2 bedrooms with double beds, one dining room, one kitchen and one bathroom.  What people usually like about my place is its perfect situation in Paris, its typical architectural style and its soul, mixing art, modern design, books, ancient family furniture and hand made furniture, made by myself or brought back from my trips. It creates a Bohême atmosphere. The building is quiet, in a bohème atmosphere, with a violonist living in front of my house, a painting workshop at the ground floor. The whole is in a familial atmosphere. It is required to say ""bonjour"" and smile to the neighbours. :) Grounds, doors, ceiling are not fully straight, and the three storeys are without elevator. It's a 18th century building. It is equiped with: - two separate bedrooms, each having its double bed - 1 dining room with 3 chairs - 1 separate bathr"	"Spacious 3 rooms with the real hexagonal ancient floor, beams and design furniture. 60 sqm2. By foot from Ile Saint-Louis, Pompidou Center, great food shops (macarons, bio, bread), terrace restaurants, boat bus. 2 independant bedrooms & 1 dining room This is 60 sqm2 flat in a XVIIe century artistic building (painting workshop at the ground floor, violonist at the 3rd floor...). The flat will be all for you : 2 bedrooms with double beds, one dining room, one kitchen and one bathroom.  What people usually like about my place is its perfect situation in Paris, its typical architectural style and its soul, mixing art, modern design, books, ancient family furniture and hand made furniture, made by myself or brought back from my trips. It creates a Bohême atmosphere. The building is quiet, in a bohème atmosphere, with a violonist living in front of my house, a painting workshop at the ground floor. The whole is in a familial atmosphere. It is required to say ""bonjour"" and smile to the neighb"
