28500	Ce logement haussmanien en plein Paris donne sur le square de l'Eglise Saint-Ambroise. Bien que situé au pied du métro, on se sent au calme et protégée de la vie urbaine	Bien qu'en plein Paris, dans un immeuble haussmannien,  cette chambre surprend par sa vue sur l'Eglise Saint-Ambroise!  Elle est spacieuse et accueille jusqu'à 2 personnes. Elle est équipée d'une télévision et de internet haut débit (box+wi-fi). Ce logement haussmanien en plein Paris donne sur le square de l'Eglise Saint-Ambroise. Bien que situé au pied du métro, on se sent au calme et protégée de la vie urbaine Télévision internet Téléphone Machine à laver Sèche-linge Café Thé De nature sociable et ouverte, je suis intéressée par rencontrer des gens venant d'horizons divers. Bien qu'en plein Paris, il règne dans ce quartier une atmosphère apaisante de quartier. Métro Bus Taxi Gare de lyon, de l'Est et du Nord à proximité
28501	large fully furnished room with En-suite private bathroom 2story apt direct access to a large terrace (35sqm/375sqf) from the living room	large fully furnished room with En-suite private bathroom 2story apt direct access to a large terrace (35sqm/375sqf) from the living room private access to your room and bathroom 2 shared WC with hand washing basin if you know your way, I ll be as discrete as can be. should you need any tip or information about the area or Paris in general, just let me know and I ll be happy to give you any detail, make any arrangement for a restaurant reservation,... Belleville is a mixed and lively neighbourhood, getting trendier by the day ! lots of cool bars and restaurants closeby across the street : Couronne subway stop (Line2) and Bus 96 5mn walk : Belleville subway stop (Line 11) which takes you to Paris center in only 7 stops / 10mn lively neighbourhood Belleville / Père Lachaise many bars, restaurants within walking distance that should match your needs !
28502	Appartement équipé, bien agencé. 	Appartement 2 pièces, 44m2 Lumineux (3ème étage), parquet, moulures, cheminée Cuisine équipée Idéalement situé à Goncourt, dans le 10ème arrondissement Proche de République et Belleville, à 2 pas du Canal Saint Martin Bus et Métro à proximité Appartement équipé, bien agencé. Quartier agréable et animé, nombreux commerces à proximité (marché, boulangerie, bars, restaurants...) Métro GONCOURT / RÉPUBLIQUE  (Lignes 3 - 5 - 8 - 9 - 11) Appartement mis à disposition pendant ma semaine de vacances, n'hésitez pas à me joindre pour de plus amples informations.
28503	Il y a un lit deux places (pour les parents par exemple). Et un grand canapé lit de deux places pour deux personnes supplémentaires (Enfants ? :-)). Les draps coussins et couettes sont fournis. L'appartement est équipé de la WIFI et d'une télévision accordée à une box. Une seconde télévision est présente dans la chambre mais n'est raccordée qu'à une console (Netflix disponible). Le logement est très calme et parfait pour une famille de 4 personnes, ou pour un couple. Situé près de la mythique place de la Nation, il est proche de tous les métros les plus importants.  Il est également situé à proximité d'une borne de vélo que vous pouvez louer pour pas cher et déposer ou vous le souhaitez dans Paris. 25 minutes en métro des Champs-Élysées 25 minutes en métro de la tour Eiffel	Salut à tous et bienvenus à Paris !  Nous sommes Joana et Adriano, un jeune couple parisien. Notre appartement est idéalement placé à deux pas de nation (RER A, lignes 1-2-6-9) et à 15 minutes de Bastille. Capacité 4 personnes, idéal pour famille. Il y a un lit deux places (pour les parents par exemple). Et un grand canapé lit de deux places pour deux personnes supplémentaires (Enfants ? :-)). Les draps coussins et couettes sont fournis. L'appartement est équipé de la WIFI et d'une télévision accordée à une box. Une seconde télévision est présente dans la chambre mais n'est raccordée qu'à une console (Netflix disponible). Le logement est très calme et parfait pour une famille de 4 personnes, ou pour un couple. Situé près de la mythique place de la Nation, il est proche de tous les métros les plus importants.  Il est également situé à proximité d'une borne de vélo que vous pouvez louer pour pas cher et déposer ou vous le souhaitez dans Paris. 25 minutes en métro des Champs-Élysées 25 mi
28504		You will be deligthed this summer in my cozzy room located in the most trendy district for young people in Paris ( Oberkampf) close to Canal de Saint Martin, métros, plenty of coffees and restaurants. Real parisian-style-intello apparment ( 150m2)!
28505	Nice view over the park in this recently renovated and colorful one bedroom flat.  Close to all ammenities and many public transportation stations.	Very cute and comfortable 1 bedroom apartment in a convenient situation, close to every sites.  Supermarket across the street, cafés, bakery & various restaurants in a 5 min walk.  Fully equiped kitchen/ washing machine, Wifi, cable TV, linen, towels Nice view over the park in this recently renovated and colorful one bedroom flat.  Close to all ammenities and many public transportation stations. Fully equiped kitchen, washing machine, Wifi, cable TV, linen, towels The apartment will be for guests only A really safe Parisian neighborhood, many restaurants and bars of all kinds around. 10mn walk to Bastille , Le Marais or Republique. 20mn walk to Canal Saint Martin and its picnic area. Metro line 3 - 9 - 2 Bus 46 - 69
28506		Joli 2 pièces cosy, idéalement situé entre Bastille, République et Le Marais, métro ligne 5/8/1 à proximité. Au 2ème d'un petit immeuble de 3 étages,dans petite rue très calme. Métro à 50m Ligne de métro 1/5/8
28507	Charming loft in Paris Nice appartment nearly Père Lachaise in an Haussman period building. Very charming in a bistrot style ambiance, quiet et clear.	Nice appartment nearby Père Lachaise in a Haussman period building. Very charming, in a bistrot style ambiance, quiet and clear. It can accomodate 4 pax., 1 bedroom with a double bed and 1 sofabed in the lounge. Charming loft in Paris Nice appartment nearly Père Lachaise in an Haussman period building. Very charming in a bistrot style ambiance, quiet et clear. It can accommodate 4 pax : 1 bedroom with a double bed and 1 sofa bed in the lounge Coffee, tea, sugar, vinegar, oil, salt, paper ... at your disposal.
28508	Want to be just 2 blocks away from City center and bars, theaters and great restaurants. This is your place! We are renting our flat, which is 2 blocks away from the Marais/ Oberkampf area, and just one block away from nice restaurants, supermarkets, bakery's and bars.  10 minutes from Opéra and Galeries Lafayette by subway (Charonne - line 9) This historical neighborhood is perfect for someone that wants to add comfort and good vibe to a great location. This cosy apartment is very well located, fully-furnished, and has a double bed bedroom, and sofa bed, so up to 4 people capability. You are welcome and enjoy your stay!	Want to be just 2 blocks away from City center and bars, theaters and great restaurants. This is your place! We are renting our flat, which is 2 blocks away from the Marais/ Oberkampf area, and just one block away from nice restaurants, supermarkets, bakery's and bars.  10 minutes from Opéra and Galeries Lafayette by subway (Charonne - line 9) This historical neighborhood is perfect for someone that wants to add comfort and good vibe to a great location. This cosy apartment is very well located, fully-furnished, and has a double bed bedroom, and sofa bed, so up to 4 people capability. You are welcome and enjoy your stay! Want to be just 2 blocks away from City center and bars, theaters and great restaurants. This is your place! We are renting our flat, which is 2 blocks away from the Marais/ Oberkampf area, and just one block away from nice restaurants, supermarkets, bakery's and bars.  10 minutes from Opéra and Galeries Lafayette by subway (Charonne - line 9) This historical neighborh
28509	My apartment was recently renovated, it is very cute, calm and cozy. You will hear no noise besides the birds singing in the garden. It is bright and well decorated, very comfortable... the only downside is you might lose your motivation to visit Paris and want to stay all day in the comforting shower, or the living room full of good books, or the bedroom with the comfy bed and the guitar, or the kitchen equipped with everything you need to cook a good meal... If you get the motivation to go out, you will discover a very lively neighborhood with nice bars and very good food for small prices. You will be 10 minutes away from chatelet, the most central spot in the city. The Belleville metro station is right down the building, and République is a 10 minute walk. You are close to the lovely canal Saint Martin, and I'll give you tips on whatever it is you're interested in - restaurants, fashion, swimming pools, cool stuff to do... count on me, I'm born and raised here and know the city very	My apartment was recently renovated, it is very cute, calm and cozy. You will hear no noise besides the birds singing in the garden. It is bright and well decorated, very comfortable... the only downside is you might lose your motivation to visit Paris and want to stay all day in the comforting shower, or the living room full of good books, or the bedroom with the comfy bed and the guitar, or the kitchen equipped with everything you need to cook a good meal... If you get the motivation to go out, you will discover a very lively neighborhood with nice bars and very good food for small prices. You will be 10 minutes away from chatelet, the most central spot in the city. The Belleville metro station is right down the building, and République is a 10 minute walk. You are close to the lovely canal Saint Martin, and I'll give you tips on whatever it is you're interested in - restaurants, fashion, swimming pools, cool stuff to do... count on me, I'm born and raised here and know the city very
28510	Very luminous, with full equipment (Large TV, WiFi, multimedia devices, equipped kitchen...), large living room, with sofa  	Lovely apartment with a cosy Living room (with fully equipped kitchen) , a confortable bedroom and a nice bathroom.  Quiet  environment, close to many animated areas. (Bastille, Republique...) Metro Voltaire (line 9) , Velib,  autolib station  Very luminous, with full equipment (Large TV, WiFi, multimedia devices, equipped kitchen...), large living room, with sofa  We will not be present in the appartment during  the stay but we will be delighted to introduce you to our home, neighborhood and parisian activities A quiet place and very close to animated place where you can find supermarket,  nice food and wine shops, pubs, and restaurants  Close to Paris famous places : Republique, Bastille, Le marais No parking access, but easy way to park around the place  Very close to Metro Voltaire (Line 9) and bus station (Line 46, 69), velib and autolib station
28511	This charming apartment of 33 m2 situated on the first floor of a building well maintained and provided with a digital code, can welcome two adults in the double room.	Bienvenue dans ce charmant 2 pièces parisien, pratique et idéalement situé dans le 11e, imprégné de ma passion pour les images, le design et les voyages.  This charming apartment of 33 m2 situated on the first floor of a building well maintained and provided with a digital code, can welcome two adults in the double room. The apartment is completely dedicated to you. It includes: - A bedroom with double bed and a chest of drawers at your disposal for the arrangement. - A livingroom with well equipped open-plan kitchen, table and chairs for the meal, a desk and its armchair, as well as a lounge corner. - A nice and spacious bathroom with bathtub, bright thanks to its big windows, and practical with its various arrangements. The installations include WIFI, washing machine, hairdryer, linen of bed and bath towels, dishes and kitchen utensils, electric kettle, toaster, oven microwaves, electric oven and a refrigerator. To prepare your breakfasts: coffee, tea, butter, honey, jam. According t
28512	Beautiful and modern 1 bedroom apartment in the 11th district of Paris. Fully renovated 3 years ago. 30 sqm with fully equipped kitchen, shower, cable TV, wifi.  The kitchen is equipped with : oven, micro wave, toaster, coffee machine, induction plates. There is also a telephone including free calls towards home phones and cell phones in France, the US, Canada, Guadeloupe and a few more countries.  On the 5th floor (no elevator). Tastefully decorated, a real home away from home! The 11th district is the perfect place to visit Paris. It is a very lively neighbohood, very safe and yet not very touristic so you can live the real parisian experience. It is only a few minutes away (by public transportation or by foot) from main touristic spots Less than 10 mins walk to metro Republique. 15 mins walk to Le Marais. Safe neighbohood with many shops, restaurants and grocery stores. I can provide you with a few good adresses to eat out. Metro stations nearby : Goncourt (l.11), Parmentier (l.3), 	Beautiful and modern 1 bedroom apartment in the 11th district of Paris. Fully renovated 3 years ago. 30 sqm with fully equipped kitchen, shower, cable TV, wifi.  The kitchen is equipped with : oven, micro wave, toaster, coffee machine, induction plates. There is also a telephone including free calls towards home phones and cell phones in France, the US, Canada, Guadeloupe and a few more countries.  On the 5th floor (no elevator). Tastefully decorated, a real home away from home! The 11th district is the perfect place to visit Paris. It is a very lively neighbohood, very safe and yet not very touristic so you can live the real parisian experience. It is only a few minutes away (by public transportation or by foot) from main touristic spots Less than 10 mins walk to metro Republique. 15 mins walk to Le Marais. Safe neighbohood with many shops, restaurants and grocery stores. I can provide you with a few good adresses to eat out. Metro stations nearby : Goncourt (l.11), Parmentier (l.3), 
28513	Very Nice ! Apartment with 2 rooms :  - bedroom with double bed (2 places)  - living room with sofa bed (2 places)  table, chairs, fridge microwave oven , kettle , toaster etc. - bathroom with shower , toilet , toiletries Within walking Feet of Place de la Bastille, street parallel to the rue de la Roquette (lively) Bright and functional. All equipped with every comfort Max for 4 people 1st floor Quiet street supermarket, bakery, shops nearby Near busy streets and Place de la Bastille WIFI codes	Nice & Cosy! Apartment with 2 rooms in heart of Paris Bastille: - bedroom with double bed (2 places)  - living room with sofa bed (2 places) Next to the Place de la Bastille and easily accessible tourist attractions and places Paris. Very Nice ! Apartment with 2 rooms :  - bedroom with double bed (2 places)  - living room with sofa bed (2 places)  table, chairs, fridge microwave oven , kettle , toaster etc. - bathroom with shower , toilet , toiletries Within walking Feet of Place de la Bastille, street parallel to the rue de la Roquette (lively) Bright and functional. All equipped with every comfort Max for 4 people 1st floor Quiet street supermarket, bakery, shops nearby Near busy streets and Place de la Bastille WIFI codes access to everything in the apartment In the heart of Paris, 5 minutes from Place de la Bastille and its vibrant life. Bars, restaurants, trendy places. Idéal tourists place Very accessible to the main sites : the Trocadero / Eiffel Tower, Opera Bastille, Opera, Re
28514	Un petit nid douillet idéal pour un couple mais peut aller jusqu'a 4 voyageurs	Our apartment is located in the heart of Paris close to Bastille and Republique. The street is lively with its shops in daytime and restaurants in the evening. A perfect location with many public transportations to visit the city.
28515	Un véritable petit nid en plein cœur de Paris: • L'appartement : Il s'agit d'un joli petit duplex refait à neuf sous les toits de Paris. Au 5eme étage sur cour, il est extrêmement calme et très lumineux grâce à sa double exposition. L'appartement est entièrement rénové et équipé. Avec ses poutres apparentes et sa décoration type industrielle-vintage, vous apprécierez son charme parisien et son confort. Au rez de chaussée, la pièce a vivre avec un canapé convertible confortable, la cuisine ouverte et la salle de bain. A l'étage, sous les toits, un autre espace couchage (de 1 à 2 personnes, c'est un matelas de deux personnes placé en sous pente sous les toits). Il est idéal pour un voyageur seul, un couple ou bien une petite famille. • Les équipements : - Cuisine équipée, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, machine à café, micro onde et mini four... - Salon TV - Salle de bain : douche, lavabo, wc, sèche cheveux et chauffe serviettes (tout le linge de maison est fourni : draps et serviette	Un véritable petit nid en plein cœur de Paris: • L'appartement : Il s'agit d'un joli petit duplex refait à neuf sous les toits de Paris. Au 5eme étage sur cour, il est extrêmement calme et très lumineux grâce à sa double exposition. L'appartement est entièrement rénové et équipé. Avec ses poutres apparentes et sa décoration type industrielle-vintage, vous apprécierez son charme parisien et son confort. Au rez de chaussée, la pièce a vivre avec un canapé convertible confortable, la cuisine ouverte et la salle de bain. A l'étage, sous les toits, un autre espace couchage (de 1 à 2 personnes, c'est un matelas de deux personnes placé en sous pente sous les toits). Il est idéal pour un voyageur seul, un couple ou bien une petite famille. • Les équipements : - Cuisine équipée, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, machine à café, micro onde et mini four... - Salon TV - Salle de bain : douche, lavabo, wc, sèche cheveux et chauffe serviettes (tout le linge de maison est fourni : draps et serviette
28516	"*** IMPORTANT NOTES :  *** 1 - I keep my calendar updated, so if you like the place, you don't have to ask for availability : Yes it's free, Just click on ""make a booking"". *** 2 - When you write to ""ask for information"", you are talking with real people, not with a machine. It means someone just like you is taking from him or her time to kindly answer your questions.  I will gladly answer any and all of your questions, until you feel perfectly comfortable and happy with your trip.  But if you intend to just ask for tour guide questions, and what is the cheapest restaurant, and what is the train schedule, and how do you wear hats in Paris, until you know everything, and then you don't say ""thank you"" nor whatever else, and I don't hear from you anymore in this world, please DON'T ASK. It's perfectly ok to ask questions and then don't rent the flat. It's not ok to ask for questions and just stop talking without a thank you. *** The studio I am renting you has its good and weak points.  "	"Very central artistically designed one room studio, in the youth and bars Oberkampf area, one second from metro station and all kind of facilities, two minutes from central station République, makes you able to reach any place of Paris easily. *** IMPORTANT NOTES :  *** 1 - I keep my calendar updated, so if you like the place, you don't have to ask for availability : Yes it's free, Just click on ""make a booking"". *** 2 - When you write to ""ask for information"", you are talking with real people, not with a machine. It means someone just like you is taking from him or her time to kindly answer your questions.  I will gladly answer any and all of your questions, until you feel perfectly comfortable and happy with your trip.  But if you intend to just ask for tour guide questions, and what is the cheapest restaurant, and what is the train schedule, and how do you wear hats in Paris, until you know everything, and then you don't say ""thank you"" nor whatever else, and I don't hear from you a"
28517	Nice apartment with everything you need to enjoy this incredible city.  One single bed for 2, kitchenette full.  	Very nice and clean 20m2 studio in Belleville a  neighborhood with great personality, bars and restaurants with reasonable prices, metro station at 3 min walking and just 10 min to the center. 1 Bed(1,9x1,4m)-Kitchenette full- bathroom-wifi- NO tv. Nice apartment with everything you need to enjoy this incredible city.  One single bed for 2, kitchenette full.  Access to towels, clean sheets, and basic staff to cook. (oil, salt, sugar, etc... are included). You will have absolute independence and privacy. Better than a hotel! Connecting the Bassin de la Villette to the Seine, the Canal Saint-Martin and poetry offer a unique place for all walkers, pedestrians, cyclists, rollerbladers in Paris. 2 metro station at 3 min walking. Buses line and cycleways everywhere. 
28518		Studio 22m2  à Faidherbe-Chaligny (métro 8)   5min en métro, 15min à pied de Bastille Quartier très agréable, vivant et festif le soir avec restaurants et magasins à proximité !  Studio avec cour intérieure calme, parfait pour un weekend reposant Je parle français, anglais et allemand ! Metro 8 (Faidherbe-Chaligny)  Bus
28519	The appartement can receive 3 people and is ideally located in a living but quite calm neighborhood. Near from shops, groceries and subway stations. Surface of the appartement : about 15 square meter + mezzanine 6th floor, no elevator	Parisian studio at the heart of XIth arrondissement. The appartement can receive 3 people and is ideally located in a living but quite calm neighborhood. Near from shops, groceries and subway stations. Surface of the appartement : about 15 square meter + mezzanine 6th floor, no elevator Full equipped kitchen, bathroom and washing machine. I will stay in Paris during your stay. Don't hesitate asking me questions about good places I could know such as bars, restaurants, places to see,... Very animated neighborhood with many abrs and restaurants ; the appartement is located just near a park where you can hang out or have rest in a green athmosphere ! It is also located near many touristic places such as Père Lachaise cemetery (5min walking), Bastille (15min) and Le Marais (15-20min) The place is very close to many subway stations : - Père Lachaise (lines 2 and 3) - Rue Saint Maur (line 3) - Voltaire (line 9) - Saint Ambroise (line 9) - Richard Lenoir (line 5) You can reach pretty much eve
28520	Le studio est bien aménagé et accueillant il peut recevoir deux ou trois personnes (un lit double en mezzanine et un lit simple).	Studio bien situé à deux pas du métro, des bus/taxis et vélib'. Bastille, Père Lachaise, République à quelques pas... Lumineux et accueillant au fond d'une petite cour pavée Commerces, boulangerie et restaurants très nombreux au pied du studio Le studio est bien aménagé et accueillant il peut recevoir deux ou trois personnes (un lit double en mezzanine et un lit simple). Un ordinateur fixe et une connexion internet seront disponibles pour faciliter votre séjour. De nombreux guides et plans de Paris seront à votre disposition. Côté cuisine vous pouvez utiliser tout ce qui s'y trouvera: condiments, produits alimentaires secs ou frais, ustensiles, etc. Côté salle de bain vous disposerez si besoin est de serviettes de toilettes et de produits d'hygiène élémentaire (savon, shampooing...). Selon les périodes je serai présente en région parisienne et donc disponible directement. A toute période je serai joignable par téléphone et par Internet. La remise des clés se fera donc soit en main prop
28521	Charmant studio de 17 mètres carrés au rez de chaussé. Il sera parfait pour découvrir Paris, se trouvant au coeur d'un quartier dynamique.	A cosy apartment with a 2-person bed, kitchen and bathroom with shower.  Everything you might need while travelling is provided. The location is right in the middle of the 11th, near Bastille, République and Châtelet... for enjoying Paris! Charmant studio de 17 mètres carrés au rez de chaussé. Il sera parfait pour découvrir Paris, se trouvant au coeur d'un quartier dynamique. Métro Père Lachaise ligne 2 et 3 à 4 minutes à pied. Iit mezzanine 2 places.
28522	Près de République, entre Oberkampf et le Marais. 17 m2, clair & calme, double vitrage, douche et wc. Réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, TV, hi-fi, draps fournis, serviettes a la demande. Réseau internet à domicile (filaire & wifi). Digicode, interphone, esc 5 étage. En transports ou à pieds, voici quelques indication de distances :  Juste en bas :  Centre historique du Marais en traversant le boulevard du Temple et/ou Beaumarchais,  Quartier festif d’Oberkampf en traversant le boulevard Voltaire, Canal St Martin et ses Ecluses en traversant la place de la République. A moins de 10 minutes : Hôtel de Ville, Bastille, Père Lachaise, Belleville, Ménilmontant et Montmartre (- de  4 stations), Opéra Garnier, Grands Magasins, Banque de France, Palais Royal, Comédie Française (5 stations), Ile de la Cité, Ile St Louis, les ponts « historiques », Cathédrale de Notre Dame (5 stations). A 15 minutes :  Saint Michel (6 stations), Odéon (7), Saint Germain (8), Musée du Louvre, Sorbonne, Place de	Studio clair et calme.  Situé dans une rue calme au carrefour de quartiers animés : place de la République, le Marais, Oberkampf...  Idéal pour rayonner sur Paris. Près de République, entre Oberkampf et le Marais. 17 m2, clair & calme, double vitrage, douche et wc. Réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, TV, hi-fi, draps fournis, serviettes a la demande. Réseau internet à domicile (filaire & wifi). Digicode, interphone, esc 5 étage. En transports ou à pieds, voici quelques indication de distances :  Juste en bas :  Centre historique du Marais en traversant le boulevard du Temple et/ou Beaumarchais,  Quartier festif d’Oberkampf en traversant le boulevard Voltaire, Canal St Martin et ses Ecluses en traversant la place de la République. A moins de 10 minutes : Hôtel de Ville, Bastille, Père Lachaise, Belleville, Ménilmontant et Montmartre (- de  4 stations), Opéra Garnier, Grands Magasins, Banque de France, Palais Royal, Comédie Française (5 stations), Ile de la Cité, Ile St Louis, les ponts 
28523	Loue chambre d'amis 10 m2 avec balcon Salle de bain séparée Accès au salon et à la cuisine de l'appartement Résidence très calme à proximité de la place de la Bastille. Nombreux restaurants à proximité Métro Bastille ou Voltaire	Loue chambre d'amis 10 m2 avec balcon Salle de bain séparée Accès au salon et à la cuisine de l'appartement Résidence très calme à proximité de la place de la Bastille. Nombreux restaurants à proximité Métro Bastille ou Voltaire
28524	Immeuble Haussmannien  2eme étage avec ascenseur Composé de : º une chambre avec un lit de 160 º un salon avec un canapé lit de 140 º une cuisine équipée : lave linge, micro ondes, cuisinière gaz, cafetière, bouilloire, grille pain, et le top un lave vaisselle ! º une salle de bain avec WC. Livebox -- Internet Wifi	Beau 2 pièces à Voltaire, nombreux commerces Bien situé : bus (phone number hidden)) amenant vers le centre de Paris, ou gares (gare du nord, de l'est, gare de Lyon et d'Austerlitz).  Métro Ligne 9 Idéal pour 2 couples ou 1 couple avec enfant Immeuble Haussmannien  2eme étage avec ascenseur Composé de : º une chambre avec un lit de 160 º un salon avec un canapé lit de 140 º une cuisine équipée : lave linge, micro ondes, cuisinière gaz, cafetière, bouilloire, grille pain, et le top un lave vaisselle ! º une salle de bain avec WC. Livebox -- Internet Wifi Appartement entier Disponible par téléphone, plus personnes dans le quartier Nombreux commerces, supermarché à 50 mètres ouvert jusqu'à 22h. A 15 minutes à pied de République, Bastille A 10 minutes de Père Lachaise Possibilité parking en sous sol à 20 mètres de l'appartement Bien situé : bus (phone number hidden)) amenant vers le centre de Paris, ou gares (gare du nord, de l'est, gare de Lyon et d'Austerlitz).  Métro Ligne 9 Prix en bai
28525		chambre chez habitant
28526	Il s'agit d'une pièce principale à vivre avec un canapé-lit et une kitchenette à l'écart. Une chambre avec un lit deux places. Et une salle de bain.	Petit appartement de 30m2 au 2ème étage dans le 11ème arrondissement.  Cuisine ouverte sur le salon. Petite chambre avec lit deux places et grand salon avec un canapé-lit deux places neuf et confortable. Internet haut débit, Télévision Il s'agit d'une pièce principale à vivre avec un canapé-lit et une kitchenette à l'écart. Une chambre avec un lit deux places. Et une salle de bain. 2eme étage, sans ascenseur. Je suis disponible à tout moment en cas de besoin. Métro : Voltaire, Père Lachaise, Saint Maure Nombreuses bornes Vélib'
28527	One room, with a mezzanin bed, a kitchen, a shower, a toilet ! You will be in my artistic  charming place !	A nice flat for a nice trip in a nice area ! Close to every places to visit in Paris ! One room, with a mezzanin bed, a kitchen, a shower, a toilet ! You will be in my artistic  charming place ! This is a nice neighborhood ! From the window you will be able to listen to birds songs from the parc and the ring of the church ! So close there is a well known every day market, making the special character of the area ! Close underground and bus !
28528	The apartment is a little cosy place at the 1st floor. The kitchen is fully equipped: oven/microwave, fridge, coffee maker, hotplate... The shower room is little but really convenient. The bedroom, with a double bed, overlooks the courtyard. The living room is on the other side. It's equipped with a sofa which can be a double bed, a low table and an audio system with a jack. The cat, Mirou, is really nice. You just have to give him some croquettes, some water and caress :	The apartment is a little cosy place at the 1st floor. The kitchen is fully equipped: oven/microwave, fridge, coffee maker, hotplate... The shower room is little but really convenient. The bedroom, with a double bed, overlooks the courtyard. The living room is on the other side. It's equipped with a sofa which can be a double bed, a low table and an audio system with a jack. The cat, Mirou, is really nice. You just have to give him some croquettes, some water and caress : You'll have access to the wifi and to the audio system. Storage place will be available to you in the bedroom and in the living room. You'll have some place in the fridge too ! I will not be necessarily present in Paris when you will come but i'll stay contactable. A trustworthy person will not be far if necessary. subway : Oberkampf : line 5 et 9 Parmentier : ligne 3 République (10 minutes by foot): ligne 8 et 11
28529	Appartement idéal pour un couple, capacité max de 3 personnes (1 lit double + 1 canapé lit) Il est situé près des métros Rue saint maur, père Lachaise et ménilmontant proche du marais et de Bastille commerçants de proximité (boulangerie, boucherie, tabac, supermarchés, poste)	Charmant studio entièrement équipé, parfait pied à terre pour les voyages d’affaire ou pour vacances. En plein cœur de Paris, dans une petite rue calme, proche du père Lachaise, Bastille, de République, proches des métros il est idéalement situé pour visiter Paris. Appartement idéal pour un couple, capacité max de 3 personnes (1 lit double + 1 canapé lit) Il est situé près des métros Rue saint maur, père Lachaise et ménilmontant proche du marais et de Bastille commerçants de proximité (boulangerie, boucherie, tabac, supermarchés, poste) L’appartement est entièrement équipé :  -d’une cuisine (four, plaques à induction, lave vaisselle, frigo, machine à café) -Salle de bain avec douche italienne, machine à laver, rangement -Lit double (meazzanine construite grâce à une belle hauteur sous plafond) -Salon (télévision, accès wi-fi, DVD à disposition) -Nombreux rangement (une partie du dressing et de la bibliothèque) -       Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis je répondrai à toutes vos vo
28530		As a young parisian couple, we chose this apartment for the atmosphere of the neighbourhood. It is located next to Père Lachaise, where you can find lively bars and restaurants. The metro is very close, guaranteeing a quick access to whole Paris. You have access to all the rooms. You can also use: - the Mac computer in the office by connecting to the Guest account, - the wireless speakers in the living-room which work with Bluetooth (you will have to turn on the speaker next to the flat entrance, and pair your music device with the speakers ; you can connect the Mac if you want). Do not hesitate to email or call me if you need any information or help. You can also call my mother, who takes care of the apartment in my absence. We really appreciate the atmosphere of our neighbourhood. I You can find nice places to go out for dinner or for some drinks, but it still is calm and you will not find drunk people at night. If you really want to party, walk up rue Léon Frot till the name changes
28531	2 room apartment located near BASTILLE / VOLTAIRE 1 BEDROOM: bed wardrobe heater 1 LIVING ROOM: Sofa bed sound amplifier TV Wifi / Internet heater 1 KITCHEN: fridge freezer Oven / Microwave plates X2 1 BATHROOM: Shower, Washbasin 1 TOILET * Sheets, bed covers, blanket, towels are provided during the rental. AROUND Chardenoux French restaurant (website hidden) Chef Cyril Lignac La Pâtisserie by Cyril Lignac Unico Argentinian restaurant (website hidden) Bistro Paul Bert French restaurant Chef Bertrand Aboyneau The Ecailler du Bistrot restaurant, Fish, seafood Pure Cafe Parisian bistro (website hidden) WALKING: Place de la Nation 10 min Place Voltaire 10 min Père Lachaise 10 min Place de la Bastille 15 min SUBWAY: Châtelet les Halles 10 min Louvre 12 min Champs Elysées 15 min Opera 15 min SUBWAY STATIONS Line 9: Charonne Line 8: Faidherbe-Chaligny For more information or any other questions I am available. (email hidden)	2 room apartment located near BASTILLE / VOLTAIRE 1 BEDROOM: bed wardrobe heater 1 LIVING ROOM: Sofa bed sound amplifier TV Wifi / Internet heater 1 KITCHEN: fridge freezer Oven / Microwave plates X2 1 BATHROOM: Shower, Washbasin 1 TOILET * Sheets, bed covers, blanket, towels are provided during the rental. AROUND Chardenoux French restaurant (website hidden) Chef Cyril Lignac La Pâtisserie by Cyril Lignac Unico Argentinian restaurant (website hidden) Bistro Paul Bert French restaurant Chef Bertrand Aboyneau The Ecailler du Bistrot restaurant, Fish, seafood Pure Cafe Parisian bistro (website hidden) WALKING: Place de la Nation 10 min Place Voltaire 10 min Père Lachaise 10 min Place de la Bastille 15 min SUBWAY: Châtelet les Halles 10 min Louvre 12 min Champs Elysées 15 min Opera 15 min SUBWAY STATIONS Line 9: Charonne Line 8: Faidherbe-Chaligny For more information or any other questions I am available. (email hidden)
28532	ABOUT THE APARTMENT This large 85m2 (850 sq. feet) apartment is classically appointed and in a very secure, modern building with a full-time guardian/concierge, off the street (very quiet), and has all modern conveniences as well as two big balconies.  It is on the 3rd floor and has a large elevator. It is bright, with lots of windows and sliding doors opening to the balconies on either side of the apartment. It comfortably sleeps up to 4 people (2 couples, or a couple with children). There is a crib available if you have a baby. Secure garage parking is available if you have a car (by special arrangement).  This is strictly a NON-SMOKING apartment.  TRAVEL TIMES TO MAJOR SITES Place de la Bastille: 10 mintes walk Père Lachaise cemetery: 10 minutes walk The Marais: 10 minutes walk The Louvre: 15 minutes direct bus The Eiffel Tower: 15 minutes direct metro The Champs-Elysées: 12 minutes direct metro LIVING/DINING ROOM - Classically appointed furnishings - Comfortable sofa - Large flat-s	Live like a Parisian in our big, beautiful 2-bedroom Central Paris apartment in the heart of the 11th arrondissement. Classically furnished, very comfortable for couples or families. Quick, easy access to all of Paris, but off the tourist track.    ABOUT THE APARTMENT This large 85m2 (850 sq. feet) apartment is classically appointed and in a very secure, modern building with a full-time guardian/concierge, off the street (very quiet), and has all modern conveniences as well as two big balconies.  It is on the 3rd floor and has a large elevator. It is bright, with lots of windows and sliding doors opening to the balconies on either side of the apartment. It comfortably sleeps up to 4 people (2 couples, or a couple with children). There is a crib available if you have a baby. Secure garage parking is available if you have a car (by special arrangement).  This is strictly a NON-SMOKING apartment.  TRAVEL TIMES TO MAJOR SITES Place de la Bastille: 10 mintes walk Père Lachaise cemetery: 10 
28533		Appartement rénové calme et lumineux de 45 m2, dernier étage, immeuble haussmannien (avec ascenseur). Bd. Voltaire,  Metro 9 en bas, quartier vivant. Comprend une chambre séparée, une pièce à vivre, cuisine et une salle de bains, tout équipé
28534	It is fully equipped, to feel at home with your family or your friends. It has a very big living-bedroom, a separate WC, a bathroom with a bathtub, fully equipped kitchen。 	Spend a wonderful journey in Bastille, the historical center of Paris. You only need few minutes walk to the famous Place des Vosges and La Bastille. Enjoy your stay in Paris, living in the heart of the city like a real Parisian! It is fully equipped, to feel at home with your family or your friends. It has a very big living-bedroom, a separate WC, a bathroom with a bathtub, fully equipped kitchen。 Equipment & amenities: TV, high Internet connection, free wifi access, oven, induction cooking table, kettle, fridge Enjoy living in a contemporary designed apartment in a typically Parisian building . You will be delighted by the neighborhood. This apartment is on the 2th floor with lift. Linen & towels are provided. This neighbourhood is really outstanding! Fine food stores, wine sellers, fashion shopping, art galeries, parks, museums, fancy restaurants and cafés and nice walks will obviously be on your to-do list! Take advantage of easy access to all major places in Paris, being near La B
28535	Our real estate agency is glad to present you an apartment which is located inside a contemporary townhouse built at the bottom of a private alley.  The whole house is NOT available for rental. We rent the apartment located on the first floor of the house. The rental of this apartment gives access to the patio and the relaxing indoor swimming pool located on ground level. The indoor swimming pool has a shower cabin. There is also a half bathroom in hall. The whole place is very easy going. The aparment includes a living room with a fully equipped US kitchen, a double sofa bed (brand new), a large flat screen, free WIFI and cable TV, a bedroom with two beds that can be either attached or separated (also brand new) and a full shower room with toilets.  The apartment can welcome up to 4 people at the cost of 120€/night, minimum stay 3 nights. One of the most trendy place to stay in Paris: Menilmontant area is THE fashionable 'up coming' area in Paris. Close to MAMMA SHELTER HOTEL designed	Très bel appartement avec piscine. Very beautiful apartment with a swimming pool    Our real estate agency is glad to present you an apartment which is located inside a contemporary townhouse built at the bottom of a private alley.  The whole house is NOT available for rental. We rent the apartment located on the first floor of the house. The rental of this apartment gives access to the patio and the relaxing indoor swimming pool located on ground level. The indoor swimming pool has a shower cabin. There is also a half bathroom in hall. The whole place is very easy going. The aparment includes a living room with a fully equipped US kitchen, a double sofa bed (brand new), a large flat screen, free WIFI and cable TV, a bedroom with two beds that can be either attached or separated (also brand new) and a full shower room with toilets.  The apartment can welcome up to 4 people at the cost of 120€/night, minimum stay 3 nights. One of the most trendy place to stay in Paris: Menilmontant area
28536		Neuf, tout équipé, à proximité du métro et des commerces.  Beautiful studio in Central Paris, close to the metro. Thoughtfully updated & furnished private apartment, with one bathroom (shower) and separated toilets.  Shops, restaurants, bars nearby.
28537	Located in one of the liveliest streets of Paris, full of bars, clubs and restaurants, a cozy room and adjoining office space in a large flat of 80 m2. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a rather new building with a large elevator (easily accessible and very spacious, all your suitcases should fit just fine!). The room you'll be sleeping in is equipped with a queen size bed and a confortable convertible sofa in the adjoining office.  Clean bed linen and towels are provided. The bathroom with bath and two sinks is shared with the owners. We provide soap, shampoo and basic shower products.  Large living room with dining area and a big table that can sit many people. Fully equipped kitchen available for your use anytime of the day. You're also more than welcome to use the fridge, toaster, kettle, oven and all the appliances of the kitchen.  The small room has no window, it is separated from the street by the office. The office itself can be pretty noisy at night on weekends given the lo	Cozy double room with queen size bed and comfortable convertible sofa, in fully equipped SHARED apartment in the heart of the NIGHTLIFE area of Bastille. All amenities nearby. Area and apartment NOT recommended to families with kids. Located in one of the liveliest streets of Paris, full of bars, clubs and restaurants, a cozy room and adjoining office space in a large flat of 80 m2. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a rather new building with a large elevator (easily accessible and very spacious, all your suitcases should fit just fine!). The room you'll be sleeping in is equipped with a queen size bed and a confortable convertible sofa in the adjoining office.  Clean bed linen and towels are provided. The bathroom with bath and two sinks is shared with the owners. We provide soap, shampoo and basic shower products.  Large living room with dining area and a big table that can sit many people. Fully equipped kitchen available for your use anytime of the day. You're also more than wel
28538	a small but very comfortable studio with a retractable 2 persons bed. There is no washing machine in the flat, but there exists dry cleaning’s and launderettes nearby in case of longer stays.  Please bring a bottom sheet, a duvet cover (140 m wide) and pillowcase(s).  	A quiet one-room flat on the 1st floor of a beautiful old building, located in quiet street in a  typical parisian neighborhood .The quarter is lively, very secure, not far from the Center .The studio is close to the metro (4 lines). a small but very comfortable studio with a retractable 2 persons bed. There is no washing machine in the flat, but there exists dry cleaning’s and launderettes nearby in case of longer stays.  Please bring a bottom sheet, a duvet cover (140 m wide) and pillowcase(s).  Internet I don'live in Paris but can any time keep in touch whith the travelers by (website hidden) son is living in Paris in case of troubles. Not far from the center.The Marais and Père-Lachaise quarters are in 10/15 minutes walking distance, a couple more minutes to Notre-Dame and the Beaubourg museum.  the area is young, many pubs and restaurants a few steps away. You can go everywhere in Paris in 30mn whith the metro. Very good connection whith metro (4 lines)and RER (commuter train)near
28539	Sunny and simple place	Simple and great, idéal pour  deux ou 4 ou une famille avec deux enfants  Une chambre ne sera pas accessible. Pied a terre idéal pour visiter autant le centre de paris que pour vivre avec les parisiens arrondissement boheme. Sunny and simple place Shower, terrace,
28540	"The apartment is central and very close to the subway station ""Alexandre Dumas"" on line 2. It is very convenient to visit Paris:  - 15 mn to Montmartre - 20 mn to Opera - 25 mn to Champs Élysées  - direct bus to the Louvre and Chatelet (76)  - walking distance to Nation (RER to Disneyland) - walking distance to Bastille, Republique or Menilmontant (best places to go out).  You have access to the kitchen, fully equipped (micro-waves, nespresso machine, etc.).  The room is very bright and has a view on Pere Lachaise (see photos). It is a small room (7m2) and is then a good opportunity for who wants to visit Paris with a little budget.  You have access to the wifi, TV  Access to a fully equipped kitchen (microwave, toaster, nespresso...) Access to the living room when I am not home (that means all the day :) ) I live in Paris for more than 10 years now and would be happy to share my experience and good places I know!  The quarter of ""Charonne"" is very nice, with lots of very good restaura"	Bright room in a typical Parisian apartment, with a view on Pere Lachaise and located in the very charming neighbourhood of Charonne
28541	This  lovely appartment is located in rue Voltaire, right in the center of Paris in the neighborhood of the Marais, republique and Oberkampf. It is on the 6nd floor of a nice building, with no lift.  I only rent my room so the other room might be occupied, but you'll have full acces to the rest of the appartement (except the other room). The room I rent contain the living room + the bedroom (with 1 double-bed), there are sliding panels between the two, the room (living room + bedroom) is separeted from the rest of the appartement by a door so when the door is closed, the living room is your room :). On your doorstep you will find plenty of restaurants, jazz clubs, bars and shops.  It is a short 10 minutes walk from the Pompidou Center, and the Marais. The nearest metro station is Oberkampf or Republique, 1 minute away. it is well connected with all the other lines, as well as the airports and train stations.	This  lovely appartment is located in rue Voltaire, right in the center of Paris in the neighborhood of the Marais, republique and Oberkampf. It is on the 6nd floor of a nice building, with no lift.  I only rent my room so the other room might be occupied, but you'll have full acces to the rest of the appartement (except the other room). The room I rent contain the living room + the bedroom (with 1 double-bed), there are sliding panels between the two, the room (living room + bedroom) is separeted from the rest of the appartement by a door so when the door is closed, the living room is your room :). On your doorstep you will find plenty of restaurants, jazz clubs, bars and shops.  It is a short 10 minutes walk from the Pompidou Center, and the Marais. The nearest metro station is Oberkampf or Republique, 1 minute away. it is well connected with all the other lines, as well as the airports and train stations. There is an internet box (freebox) The kitchen is well equipped with an oven, 
28542	"Welcome to downtown Paris in a lovely 33 sqm studio, entirely renovated with stylish materials by an interior designer. High standard equipements, floor and ceiling lightings, exposed beams and new furnitures.  The elevator stops on the 5th floor and you'll walk up one floor. The  building is from 1850, overlooking the famous ""Place de la BASTILLE""  and rooftops of Paris.  At your doorstep you will find many places to eat and drink, french historical brasseries, restaurants, groceries and typical bakeries ( fresh croissants, baguettes....) and within walking distance (quartier Le Marais, Place des Vosges). Numerous art galleries and fashion designer boutiques in the neighborhood.  Just steps from entertainments famous parisian theaters Opera Bastille, cinemas, museums and historical sites. (Notre-Dame de Paris, the Seine, , etc.). The Metro station ""Breguet Sabin"" is located  5 yards from the building and buses at 25 meters (for users velib + autolib bikes & cars rentals, the stations "	"Welcome to downtown Paris in a lovely 33 sqm studio, entirely renovated with stylish materials by an interior designer. High standard equipements, floor and ceiling lightings, exposed beams and new furnitures.  The elevator stops on the 5th floor  Welcome to downtown Paris in a lovely 33 sqm studio, entirely renovated with stylish materials by an interior designer. High standard equipements, floor and ceiling lightings, exposed beams and new furnitures.  The elevator stops on the 5th floor and you'll walk up one floor. The  building is from 1850, overlooking the famous ""Place de la BASTILLE""  and rooftops of Paris.  At your doorstep you will find many places to eat and drink, french historical brasseries, restaurants, groceries and typical bakeries ( fresh croissants, baguettes....) and within walking distance (quartier Le Marais, Place des Vosges). Numerous art galleries and fashion designer boutiques in the neighborhood.  Just steps from entertainments famous parisian theaters Opera "
28543	Grand studio de 30 m² au coeur du quartier historique qu'est Bastille. Idéal pour deux personnes, très calme et sûr, mais dans un quartier animé. Les alentours regorgent de petits créateurs, d'épiceries, de bars, de bons restaurants. L'opéra est à 5 minutes à pieds. Vous pourrez vous rendre facilement aux quatre coins de Paris avec le métro (ligne 1, 8 et 5), les bus, les taxis, vélib et autolib.  À 15 min à pied de Place de la République, du Marais, de Châtelet les Halles, de l'Opéra Garnier, du Canal Saint-Martin. Le quartier réunit un grand nombre de cultures, avec beaucoup de petits marchés, des petits passages, de très bons restaurants et des bars à la mode. A 6 stations de métro du Musée du Louvre, 7 stations du merveilleux Opéra Garnier, à 15 minutes à pied de la Cathédrale Notre-Dame sur la romantique Ile Saint-Louis.  Pour les filles, dans le quartier tout est là pour se faire belle : ongleries, coiffeurs, instituts de beauté, spas, (website hidden) serai ravie de vous donner 	Grand studio de 30 m² au coeur du quartier historique qu'est Bastille. Idéal pour deux personnes, très calme et sûr, mais dans un quartier animé. Les alentours regorgent de petits créateurs, d'épiceries, de bars, de bons restaurants. L'opéra est à 5 minutes à pieds. Grand studio de 30 m² au coeur du quartier historique qu'est Bastille. Idéal pour deux personnes, très calme et sûr, mais dans un quartier animé. Les alentours regorgent de petits créateurs, d'épiceries, de bars, de bons restaurants. L'opéra est à 5 minutes à pieds. Vous pourrez vous rendre facilement aux quatre coins de Paris avec le métro (ligne 1, 8 et 5), les bus, les taxis, vélib et autolib.  À 15 min à pied de Place de la République, du Marais, de Châtelet les Halles, de l'Opéra Garnier, du Canal Saint-Martin. Le quartier réunit un grand nombre de cultures, avec beaucoup de petits marchés, des petits passages, de très bons restaurants et des bars à la mode. A 6 stations de métro du Musée du Louvre, 7 stations du merve
28544	Un quartier jeune et chaleureux Dans l’est de Paris, entre les stations de métro Parmentier et Saint-Maur, s’étend un quartier jeune et chaleureux, où il fait bon vivre ou encore louer un appartement pour des vacances à Paris. A deux pas d’Oberkampf, le quartier Parmentier conserve son âme, le quartier Parmentier offre à la fois des avenues rectilignes de style haussmannien et de petites rues qui conservent toute leur âme, avec leurs nombreux cafés, bars, petits restaurants et boutiques en tous genres. A deux pas des turbulences branchées d’Oberkampf, le quartier Parmentier est plus tranquille, tout en restant très vivant. Un excellent compromis pour un séjour branché dans la capitale avec possibilité de dormir au calme ! Longtemps caractérisé par une grande mixité sociale, ce quartier a rajeuni, attirant les cadres dynamiques, les professions libérales et les jeunes couples qui apprécient la vie parisienne. Parmentier, un quartier dédié aux flâneries Sans grands monuments, ni chefs-d’	Spacieux loft très lumineux et agréable au cœur du 11eme arrondissement un des quartiers les plus vivant de Paris. Avec ses quatre pièces et deux salle de bain cet ancien atelier d'artiste saura vous séduire. Un quartier jeune et chaleureux Dans l’est de Paris, entre les stations de métro Parmentier et Saint-Maur, s’étend un quartier jeune et chaleureux, où il fait bon vivre ou encore louer un appartement pour des vacances à Paris. A deux pas d’Oberkampf, le quartier Parmentier conserve son âme, le quartier Parmentier offre à la fois des avenues rectilignes de style haussmannien et de petites rues qui conservent toute leur âme, avec leurs nombreux cafés, bars, petits restaurants et boutiques en tous genres. A deux pas des turbulences branchées d’Oberkampf, le quartier Parmentier est plus tranquille, tout en restant très vivant. Un excellent compromis pour un séjour branché dans la capitale avec possibilité de dormir au calme ! Longtemps caractérisé par une grande mixité sociale, ce qua
28545	Charming and well conceived, this small apartment is ideal for one or two couples or for a family with one or two kids looking for a stay in one of the nicest neighbourhoods of Paris.  You'll find two double beds, in the bedroom and on the half-closed mezzanine, which you access with a scale. You get everything you need to feel at home: - complete kitchen, including micro-wave, washing machine and expresso machine; - bathroom with tub; - wifi, DSL TV, bluetooth speaker. Last but not least, something you don't get often in Paris: a terrace in front of the apartment where you'll enjoy your breakfast or a short drink before having dinner in one of the great restaurants of the neighbourhood.	Like a charming loft, 2 equiped rooms with mezzanine and terrace in THE gastronomic spot in Paris: shops, cafés and restaurants, quiet by day, vivid by night. Le Marais = 10', Opéra = 20', Louvre/Champs-Elysées = 25'. Ideal for 2 couples or 1 family. Charming and well conceived, this small apartment is ideal for one or two couples or for a family with one or two kids looking for a stay in one of the nicest neighbourhoods of Paris.  You'll find two double beds, in the bedroom and on the half-closed mezzanine, which you access with a scale. You get everything you need to feel at home: - complete kitchen, including micro-wave, washing machine and expresso machine; - bathroom with tub; - wifi, DSL TV, bluetooth speaker. Last but not least, something you don't get often in Paris: a terrace in front of the apartment where you'll enjoy your breakfast or a short drink before having dinner in one of the great restaurants of the neighbourhood. Access to everything except a closet where I'll stor
28546	Located on the 2nd floor, at the corner of rues de Lappe and Charonne, the studio is composed of an entrance serving a lounge, a kitchen and a bathroom with toilet and large shower. Beautiful volume, light, living room of 20 m2. Ideal for 2 people. EQUIPMENT:  - Fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, fridge, hob, oven hob and microwave, washing machine.  - Living Room: GOOD bed (140x190), TV, internet, video games.  - Bathroom: shower, sink, toilet, hair dryer. - Many storage: closets, drawers, shoe cabinet.	You are in the heart of the Bastille, 2 steps from the CENTER of the capital. IDEAL for exploring Paris.  The studio is spacious and comfortable. Here you can rest safely and independently. INTRODUCTORY PRICE !!!! Located on the 2nd floor, at the corner of rues de Lappe and Charonne, the studio is composed of an entrance serving a lounge, a kitchen and a bathroom with toilet and large shower. Beautiful volume, light, living room of 20 m2. Ideal for 2 people. EQUIPMENT:  - Fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, fridge, hob, oven hob and microwave, washing machine.  - Living Room: GOOD bed (140x190), TV, internet, video games.  - Bathroom: shower, sink, toilet, hair dryer. - Many storage: closets, drawers, shoe cabinet. The rue de Lappe is in the heart of Bastille. Very lively at night with many bars, restaurants, shops, art galleries district.  A real neighborhood life, day and night. You are 2 minutes from the Bastille STATION and line 1 which serves the center of Paris. All Parisian tour
28547	Located near the trendy OBERKAMPF street with its numerous bars and small restaurants. Breakfast is included. The room I propose contains one double bed but I can add a (good) mattress for a 3d person.  The flat is very quiet (the room overlooks the courtyard. So quiet you would not believe you’re in Paris !). Thanks to the metro and bus lines that surround the flat, interesting places to visit are easy to reach. The historical area of le Marais, Picasso Museum, the Centre Pompidou are at 15 min walking distance. The Louvre museum, the Latin quarter, Notre Dame church, the Opera, la Villette Parc, Montmartre and its Sacré Cœur, the Moulin Rouge are at 15-20 min by bus or metro. Bakeries, supermarkets, all kind of facilities surround the flat.  You can use the lounge (with the TV), the telephone (towards land lines of most countries), the kitchen (fully equipped). Free Wifi. It is possible to use a computer (with internet).  I give suggestions with detailed maps to visit my preferred ar	Room in a very quiet flat, yet surrounded by dozens of small restaurants and bars. And by several metro lines. MOST important : You will feel at home, as all my guests said. Located near the trendy OBERKAMPF street with its numerous bars and small restaurants. Breakfast is included. The room I propose contains one double bed but I can add a (good) mattress for a 3d person.  The flat is very quiet (the room overlooks the courtyard. So quiet you would not believe you’re in Paris !). Thanks to the metro and bus lines that surround the flat, interesting places to visit are easy to reach. The historical area of le Marais, Picasso Museum, the Centre Pompidou are at 15 min walking distance. The Louvre museum, the Latin quarter, Notre Dame church, the Opera, la Villette Parc, Montmartre and its Sacré Cœur, the Moulin Rouge are at 15-20 min by bus or metro. Bakeries, supermarkets, all kind of facilities surround the flat.  You can use the lounge (with the TV), the telephone (towards land lines 
28548	Welcome in this lovely and quiet 350 sqm, 1 separated bedroom fully furnished and high standing equipment (dish washer, washing machine, dryer, oven microwave, flat screen etc.) Dsl Internet + tv + utilities included Linen and towels included for 2 persons  all u need is your suitcase Lively area, located on a very gastronomic street (Awarded by the Fooding guide in 2006). plenty of restaurants and shops 10 mins walk from Bastille and Nation 2 mins walk from metro station Faidherbe Chaligny (line 8 : direct access to Invalides, Concorde, Madeleine, Grands Boulevards, Bastille, Republique) 5 mins walk from metro Reuilly Diderot (line 8 and 1 : direct access to the center of Paris, Le Marais, Hotel de Ville, Chatelet, Louvre, Champs Elysées) A few minutes walk from metro Charonne can sleep up to 4 people short term stays  minimum 3 nights : 90 euros /night 1 week : 650 euros  2000 euros /month (extra for electricity) 	Comfy one bedroom appartment for 4 people , greatly localized next to Bastille. 2nd floor  no elevators. Fully equipped kitchen, luxury bathroom with huge bathtub. Easy access to many subway and buses lines. Welcome in this lovely and quiet 350 sqm, 1 separated bedroom fully furnished and high standing equipment (dish washer, washing machine, dryer, oven microwave, flat screen etc.) Dsl Internet + tv + utilities included Linen and towels included for 2 persons  all u need is your suitcase Lively area, located on a very gastronomic street (Awarded by the Fooding guide in 2006). plenty of restaurants and shops 10 mins walk from Bastille and Nation 2 mins walk from metro station Faidherbe Chaligny (line 8 : direct access to Invalides, Concorde, Madeleine, Grands Boulevards, Bastille, Republique) 5 mins walk from metro Reuilly Diderot (line 8 and 1 : direct access to the center of Paris, Le Marais, Hotel de Ville, Chatelet, Louvre, Champs Elysées) A few minutes walk from metro Charonne can
28549		Lieux lumineux, accueillant, agréable et bien situé (Proche père Lachaise, République, Bastille...). Ligne 2 et 3 du métro à 100 mètres. Vous serez accueilli dans une chambre propre et calme dans un appartement typiquement Parisien. Vous aurez accès à toutes les pièces de l'appartement, exception faite de ma chambre :) Vous pourrez donc profiter de la cuisine toute équipée, d'un salon confortable. Et bien sur salle de bain avec douche et WC séparés. Nous resterons à votre disposition si besoin, pour vous indiquez avec plaisir les endroits à visiter, ou vous restaurer. Quartier très agréable, calme, familial et proche de tous les lieux attirants de Paris. Métro, bus, taxi et station vélib à deux pas ! Nous serons à l'appartement en soirée, après le travail, et parfois en journée.
28550	Placé au carrefour de plusieurs quartiers dynamiques et riches en histoire, ce loft sera votre refuge après une longue journée de découverte de Paris! 	This completely renovated loft is bathed in natural sunlight.  This wide open space with one bedroom can accommodate 4 people.  It's a peaceful haven in a lively part of the city: the Republique area, the Père Lachaise Cemetery, the Buttes Chaumont  We would love to talk with you about your requests and the nice places around the Loft! Located in the heart of exciting neighborhoods and historic sites, this artist loft will be the shelter to come home to after a long day of discovering Paris : - Republique  - Oberkampf street - Asian neighborhood of Belleville - The Père Lachaise Cemetery - The buttes Chaumont park - Public transportation including 3 subway lines within walking distance to go everywhere in the city ! Metro Line 3 : Parmentier Metro line 2 : Couronnes Metro line 11 :Belleville
28551	Apartment typically parisian (nice wooden floor, decorative fireplace) of 35 m² - cosy, quiet and sunny - perfect for a couple - including:  one living room + one separated bedroom + one separated kitchen. Stylish furnished, the apartment is near all convenience (shops, transports, bars, restaurants, theaters...) and fully equiped : - TV (flat screen) - Internet (wifi) - Washing machine, oven/microwave - Other (ironing board, hairdryer...) 	Apartment typically parisian (nice wooden floor, decorative fireplace) - with a separated bedroom perfect for a couple Ideally situed in the heart of Paris, you will fully enjoy your stay closed to the trendy areas of Oberkampf, Republique & Bastille Apartment typically parisian (nice wooden floor, decorative fireplace) of 35 m² - cosy, quiet and sunny - perfect for a couple - including:  one living room + one separated bedroom + one separated kitchen. Stylish furnished, the apartment is near all convenience (shops, transports, bars, restaurants, theaters...) and fully equiped : - TV (flat screen) - Internet (wifi) - Washing machine, oven/microwave - Other (ironing board, hairdryer...) Feel free to ask us if you need any further information. Ideally situed in the heart of Paris, you will fully appreciate your trip very closed to the trendy areas of Oberkampf, République and Bastille. Métro : Saint-Ambroise (line 9) + Rue Saint-Maur (line 3) + Ménilmontant (ligne 2) + Richard Lenoir (li
28552	Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay in a comfortable all furnished appartement in one of the most popular and trendy part of Paris. This sunny Haussmannian apartment has a living aera , a bedroom with a double bed, a office room, a kitchen and bathroom The living area offers a double modern sofa, a large overhead projector , dining table with chairs and a coffee table. The kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave, stove top, fridge/freezer, tea kettle, coffee maker and toaster as well as all the cutlery, utensils and tableware you will need for your stay. The bathroom comes with a bath and shower over, hand basin, WC and also shampoo, conditioner and a hair dryer. This Haussmannian apartment is located in the district of Nation where the streets of this area offer countless dining and entertainment options for people of all ages. You can spend your days enjoying history and art, and your nights strolling and eating. This area contains 	This sunny Haussmannian apartment has a living aera , a bedroom with a double bed, a office room, a kitchen and bathroom. The size of apartement is 50 m2 Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay in a comfortable all furnished appartement in one of the most popular and trendy part of Paris. This sunny Haussmannian apartment has a living aera , a bedroom with a double bed, a office room, a kitchen and bathroom The living area offers a double modern sofa, a large overhead projector , dining table with chairs and a coffee table. The kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave, stove top, fridge/freezer, tea kettle, coffee maker and toaster as well as all the cutlery, utensils and tableware you will need for your stay. The bathroom comes with a bath and shower over, hand basin, WC and also shampoo, conditioner and a hair dryer. This Haussmannian apartment is located in the district of Nation where the streets of this area offer countless dining and
28553	Hey! I rent my bedroom which is in a 2691 Sq ft located in the center of Paris (11th district). 2 lines of subway very close to the place:  -Line 2 (at 1 minute) -Line 9 (at 10 minutes) You will have many restaurant, bars, shops around the place and you're 2 minutes far from the famous Père Lachaise. The room is well equiped (One double bed) as the loft (kitchen, 2 bathrooms, 2 living room..) 7 roomates share the loft but everyone has a separate bedroom. If you need more informations don't hesitate! cheers, Laëtitia	I rent my bedroom which is in a 2691 Sq ft located in the center of Paris (11th district). Hey! I rent my bedroom which is in a 2691 Sq ft located in the center of Paris (11th district). 2 lines of subway very close to the place:  -Line 2 (at 1 minute) -Line 9 (at 10 minutes) You will have many restaurant, bars, shops around the place and you're 2 minutes far from the famous Père Lachaise. The room is well equiped (One double bed) as the loft (kitchen, 2 bathrooms, 2 living room..) 7 roomates share the loft but everyone has a separate bedroom. If you need more informations don't hesitate! cheers, Laëtitia
28554		Chambre dans colocation parisienne. Alice et Rino les autres colocataires ont très sympas, mènent une vie dynamique et plutôt rythmée. Nous vivons de manière assez indépendante les uns des autres.   Dans un rue calme à deux minutes à pied de Nation.
28555	Quiet and sunny flat, with 3 rooms - 2 bedrooms (50m2), in a little one-way street close to Rue Oberkampf, in an early century building. There is my cat, Timy, who stays in the flat, who is very nice and just needs water and food once a day :-) It's a living and friendly neighborhood (food & antiques shops, many little bars and restaurants) I've been living in for 2 years now and enjoying it every day. Metro stations Parmentier and Oberkampf are 2 minutes walk distance, Republique 10 mn. Marais and Bastille are 15 mn walk. The apartment, 3rd floor (no elevator), overlooks the street and courtyard, with double exposure. It can welcome up to four adults and one child (baby-bed). A sunny living room overlooking a leafy courtyard, with two windows, sofa, armchairs and dining table (6 people). Equipped kitchen (dishwasher, Nespresso, gas, oven and microwave, fridge-freezer ...) 2 separate bedrooms, served by a central corridor, with beds for 2 people (one with a king size bed and one with a	Quiet and sunny flat, with 3 rooms - 2 bedrooms (50m2), in a little one-way street.  3rd floor (no elevator), overlooking the street and courtyard. It can welcome up to four adults and one child (baby-bed). And there is also my cat :-) Quiet and sunny flat, with 3 rooms - 2 bedrooms (50m2), in a little one-way street close to Rue Oberkampf, in an early century building. There is my cat, Timy, who stays in the flat, who is very nice and just needs water and food once a day :-) It's a living and friendly neighborhood (food & antiques shops, many little bars and restaurants) I've been living in for 2 years now and enjoying it every day. Metro stations Parmentier and Oberkampf are 2 minutes walk distance, Republique 10 mn. Marais and Bastille are 15 mn walk. The apartment, 3rd floor (no elevator), overlooks the street and courtyard, with double exposure. It can welcome up to four adults and one child (baby-bed). A sunny living room overlooking a leafy courtyard, with two windows, sofa, arm
28556	Under the roofs of Paris  4th floor , be fit ! Le Marais , Republique , Gare de Lyon within 15 minutes walking   I will personally welcome the guests when possible Quiet spot in a busy Happy area  especially week ends  Printer at disposal  Nespresso machine  Le Marais , Republique , Gare de Lyon within 15 minutes walking   Quiet spot in a busy young happy area especially week ends  Métro bastille 	central , well located ,  bike station ,  many groceries around , bars and restaurants , nightlife , real Paris feeling  ,  opera Bastille next block , baguette 10 meters , market 2 times /week , friendly neighbors , pedestrian street , a lot of  Fashion shops rue de CHARONNE  Free parking métro etoile Under the roofs of Paris  4th floor , be fit ! Le Marais , Republique , Gare de Lyon within 15 minutes walking   I will personally welcome the guests when possible Quiet spot in a busy Happy area  especially week ends  Printer at disposal  Nespresso machine  Le Marais , Republique , Gare de Lyon within 15 minutes walking   Quiet spot in a busy young happy area especially week ends  Métro bastille Le Marais , Republique , Gare de Lyon within 15 minutes walking I will live 10 mn away  flexible with check in and check out times when possible and anticipated optional luggage storage same floor is possible Quiet spot in a busy young happy area especially week ends metro BASTILLE bike stations
28557	A chic apartment in Paris! The place is is extremely well located and fully equipped to make you feel at home in this incredible city. Don't miss out! Where is it at? Two blocks from Place de la Bastille (Arr. 11) and the Opera Bastille, and three from the imposing Place de Vosges, at the heart of the both historic and trendy neighborhood of Marais (Arr.3). Placed at such exceptional location, the apartment is surrounded by some of the most sought-after parisian cafés, bars and restaurants, as well as all necessary amenities. Moreover, it is at a short commuting distance from all major metro and train stations in Paris (Chatêlet, Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord, Gare de Lyon, Gare d'Austerlitz, etc.). The closest metro station is Breguet-Sabin (2min walk) and Bastille  metro station(which connects three different metro services which can take you any place in Paris)  is only a 5min walk from the apartment.   What about the building and the apartment's architecture? On the second Floor of a	A chic apartment in Paris! The place is is extremely well located and fully equipped to make you feel at home in this incredible city. Don't miss out! Where is it at? Two blocks from Place de la Bastille (Arr. 11) and the Opera Bastille, and three from the imposing Place de Vosges, at the heart of the both historic and trendy neighborhood of Marais (Arr.3). Placed at such exceptional location, the apartment is surrounded by some of the most sought-after parisian cafés, bars and restaurants, as well as all necessary amenities. Moreover, it is at a short commuting distance from all major metro and train stations in Paris (Chatêlet, Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord, Gare de Lyon, Gare d'Austerlitz, etc.). The closest metro station is Breguet-Sabin (2min walk) and Bastille  metro station(which connects three different metro services which can take you any place in Paris)  is only a 5min walk from the apartment.   What about the building and the apartment's architecture? On the second Floor of a
28558		veritable petit bijoux, un deux piece dans le centre de paris, entre bastille et pere lachaise, placé sur la place voltaire. idéalement situé pour decouvrir la capitale et bien plus encore
28559	The flat is a beautiful flat near Bastille, 15mn walk from Place des Vosges and Le Marais. It has a lot of charm, it is nicely decorated, cosy and sunny , with parquet and moldings.   SEE REVIEWS on my other page, this is the same flat (I do rent the entire apartment if you are more than 4 people). I rent 1 or 2 bedrooms, or the entire space. The first bedroom+living room with bed 160x200. The second bedroom has a double bed for 1 or 2 persons, bed size 140x200 with tastefull linen. It is very quiet and sunny in the afternoon. There is a large desk if you need to work, and of course wifi. You would have space to hang clothes. The third bedroom has 2 beds 80x200, for one or two people, I can also organise it with one large bed 160x200. It is sunny in the morning. You would have space to hang clothes. My place is perfect for a single person searching for some quiet place, for friends or a couple with children willing to enjoy the atmosphere of the trendy area of the 11th, also being very	I rent one or two bedrooms, or all my charming sunny 82 sq meter flat. First bedroom with bed 160x200 goes with the living room. The 2nd bedroom with bed 140x200 is very quiet and peacefull, The 3rd bedroom, with 2 beds or organized in 2!       The flat is a beautiful flat near Bastille, 15mn walk from Place des Vosges and Le Marais. It has a lot of charm, it is nicely decorated, cosy and sunny , with parquet and moldings.   SEE REVIEWS on my other page, this is the same flat (I do rent the entire apartment if you are more than 4 people). I rent 1 or 2 bedrooms, or the entire space. The first bedroom+living room with bed 160x200. The second bedroom has a double bed for 1 or 2 persons, bed size 140x200 with tastefull linen. It is very quiet and sunny in the afternoon. There is a large desk if you need to work, and of course wifi. You would have space to hang clothes. The third bedroom has 2 beds 80x200, for one or two people, I can also organise it with one large bed 160x200. It is sunn
28560	Our cosy 105 m2 flat with 4 bedrooms and big living room has a vintage touch! It comfortably fits up to 12 people and is centrally located in a lively and authentic neighborhood, between République, Parmentier and Oberkampf. Metro station 1 min away.	Our cosy 105 m2 flat with 4 bedrooms and big living room has a vintage touch! It comfortably fits up to 12 people and is centrally located in a lively and authentic neighborhood, between République, Parmentier and Oberkampf. Metro station 1 min away. Our cosy 105 m2 flat with 4 bedrooms and big living room has a vintage touch! It comfortably fits up to 12 people and is centrally located in a lively and authentic neighborhood, between République, Parmentier and Oberkampf. Metro station 1 min away. We'll welcome you at your arrival and show you around the flat. We'll be then reachable by phone and email during your entire stay ! Do not hesitate to ask us for some tips about the neighborhood. The neighborhood is very lively, packed with small, inexpensive, original and festive bars (rue Oberkampf and rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud) The apartment is also a 5-minute walk to place de la République, Canal Saint-Martin, beautiful cemetery Père-Lachaise, Ménilmontant, Belleville... 3 metro stations ar
28561	The feeling of being in a country house in full Paris .	"Sublime appartement of 60m2! 4 bed places! calme, bright, all furnished kitchen, courtyard, floor tiles!! Idealy located to visit on foot ( Place de la Republique, Canal St Martin, Bastille, Père Lachaise) ... The feeling of being in a country house in full Paris . The whole apartment !! Very family neighborhood , friendly , typical, with an ideal location !!! On foot : 10 mins instead of the REPUBLIC Walk 10 mins from the famous Cemetery PERE LACHAISE 10-12 mins walk from the Place de la BASTILLE 7- 10 mins walk from the street OBERKAMPF 15-20 mins of the district of Marais . 15-20 mins walk from the Saint Martin canal ... 3 Mins walk to the ""SQUARE GARDETTE "" ( great little park to relax with a good book, play table tennis , guitar etc ... Perfect for kids and big kids :) ! SUBWAY LINE 3 : RUE ST MAUR / PERE LACHAISE LINE 2 : PERE LACHAISE LINE 9 : ST AMBROSE / VOLTAIRE LINE 5: RICHARD LENOIR BUS : 61 (5 mins walk ) Live for AUSTERLITZ STATION OR STATION LYON AUTOLIB and VELIB STATIO"
28562	Vue historique sur les 2 colonnes du Trône surmontées des statuts des rois Saint Louis et Philippe Auguste ! Situé par transports publics directs à 10 mn du 'Marais', à 15 mn de l'Opéra, à 20 mn des Champs Elysées, à 5mn de la Gare de Lyon.	1 bedroom cosy appart few steps away from Place de la Nation. Ideal place for 2 people. Looking to experience the charm of a parisian apartment. Next to stores & restaurants (open late). Metro lines: 1,2,6,9 + RER A + buses: (phone number hidden) 
28563	"""Loft"" Design. Duplex to 30m  the Place de la Bastille in  heart of Paris. 90m ² furnished with taste and originality. An ideal place to rest and work at home. The loft is located in rue de la Roquette near Bastille in the 11th arrondissement, 200 meters from Place de Vosges and Marais, 100 meters  Boulevard Richard Lenoir, known for its market (Thursdays and Sundays) colorful and lively in which you can feel the real Paris! The ""loft"" is composed on the ground floor a large living room with loft. The lounge has a large bow windows overlooking a beautiful courtyard that was the old ""Passage Charretier"" , where you can enjoy the tranquility of the place. The Living room has a large table of 3 m, the kitchen a little lower and a mezzanine with sofas and TV. On the first floor you will find a large bedroom with a double bed, bathroom, toilet and dressing. The bathtub in the  photo is used like only a shower. All charges are included and we provide linens, towels and internet connection!  "	"""Loft"" Design. Duplex to 30m  the Place de la Bastille in  heart of Paris. 90m ² furnished with taste and originality. An ideal place to rest and work at home. ""Loft"" Design. Duplex to 30m  the Place de la Bastille in  heart of Paris. 90m ² furnished with taste and originality. An ideal place to rest and work at home. The loft is located in rue de la Roquette near Bastille in the 11th arrondissement, 200 meters from Place de Vosges and Marais, 100 meters  Boulevard Richard Lenoir, known for its market (Thursdays and Sundays) colorful and lively in which you can feel the real Paris! The ""loft"" is composed on the ground floor a large living room with loft. The lounge has a large bow windows overlooking a beautiful courtyard that was the old ""Passage Charretier"" , where you can enjoy the tranquility of the place. The Living room has a large table of 3 m, the kitchen a little lower and a mezzanine with sofas and TV. On the first floor you will find a large bedroom with a double bed, bathro"
28564	Petit studio fonctionnel, idéal pour une ou deux personnes à Paris pour quelques jours ou plus. Il peut accueillir trois personnes bien qu'à ce moment là c'est un peu petit donc vous risquez un peu de vous marcher sur les pieds!  Dans un petit passage charmant, fleurit et tranquille. Très bien situé.  Orienté plein sud donc lumineux toute la journée! 	Studio accueillant de 18m2 au 1er étage! Lumineux, bien situé, dans une zone vivante, passage tranquille dans le 11ème. Près de commerces et animations (bars,restaurants, marchés). À 2 pas du Père La chaise et de Bastille! Idéal pour deux personnes! Petit studio fonctionnel, idéal pour une ou deux personnes à Paris pour quelques jours ou plus. Il peut accueillir trois personnes bien qu'à ce moment là c'est un peu petit donc vous risquez un peu de vous marcher sur les pieds!  Dans un petit passage charmant, fleurit et tranquille. Très bien situé.  Orienté plein sud donc lumineux toute la journée! Les voyageurs ont accès à tout le logement, avec cuisine et salle d'eau (toilettes et baignoire).  Internet (wifi) et téléphone fixe avec appels sur des fixes illimité en France et à l'étranger. Échanges par mail et téléphone. Je suis très disponible pour toutes les questions. Je peux vous conseiller sur des sorties, culturelles, touristiques et sociale ou de divertissement sur Paris! Le quarti
28565	Atypical apartment where your private area consists of a living room, a large bedroom and a sunny balcony on the 5th floor. The apartment sleeps up to 4 people if you're not afraid of small spaces: the sofa is comfortable but take up much space when unfolded. We live on the other side and have our own space (living room & bedroom), you just have to share the kitchen and the bathroom with us.	Private living room and bedroom in a cosy apartment close to the trendy neighborhoods of Bastille & Le Marais. You will share the bathroom and kitchen with us :) Close to the Canal St Martin and subway stations leading you to the best places of Paris Atypical apartment where your private area consists of a living room, a large bedroom and a sunny balcony on the 5th floor. The apartment sleeps up to 4 people if you're not afraid of small spaces: the sofa is comfortable but take up much space when unfolded. We live on the other side and have our own space (living room & bedroom), you just have to share the kitchen and the bathroom with us. Free access and fast Internet, Cable TV, washer / dryer, dishwasher and a string of kitchen ustensils for those who love to cook. We are a fun and friendly. We would be delighted to advise you on your sightseeing or to indicate the best places to visit in Paris. Located in the Bastille area and close to the Marais and Republic where there are plenty of
28566	Notre studio est équipé afin de rendre votre séjour le plus confortable possible. Nous mettons à votre disposition café, thé, chocolat, confitures maison pour un petit déjeuner cosy, les boulangeries aux alentours rivalisant de viennoiseries et pains de toute sortes. La cuisine est équipée d'un four multi-foncions, de plaques inductions, d'une bouilloire et cafetière électrique et d'un réfrigérateur. La salle-de-douche contient également une machine à laver le linge à votre disposition. Le Wifi et la télé TNT vous permettent de rester connectés avec vos proches et le monde si vous le souhaitez. De grands placards vous permettent de ranger vos affaires pour le temps de votre séjour.	Idéalement situé, au 2ème étage sur cour, lumineux et calme dans le quartier dynamique et commerçant d'Oberkampf, proche du Marais entre République et Bastille. Remis à neuf, équipement et mobilier compris. Wifi. Télé TNT. Notre studio est équipé afin de rendre votre séjour le plus confortable possible. Nous mettons à votre disposition café, thé, chocolat, confitures maison pour un petit déjeuner cosy, les boulangeries aux alentours rivalisant de viennoiseries et pains de toute sortes. La cuisine est équipée d'un four multi-foncions, de plaques inductions, d'une bouilloire et cafetière électrique et d'un réfrigérateur. La salle-de-douche contient également une machine à laver le linge à votre disposition. Le Wifi et la télé TNT vous permettent de rester connectés avec vos proches et le monde si vous le souhaitez. De grands placards vous permettent de ranger vos affaires pour le temps de votre séjour. Accès transport en commun direct de toutes les gares: Station Parmentier (Ligne 3 Pari
28567		Très beau studio fonctionnel à 2 pas du Père Lachaise. Grande télé, wifi, canapé-lit très confortable, machine à laver. Tout près des lignes de métro 2, 3 et 9.
28568	Appartement clair, calme, coloré, équipé et pratique au coeur d'un quartier très (website hidden), lecteur DVD, HIFI, wifi, machine à laver, micro onde, draps, serviettes...	2 room apartment (35m2), bright, calm, practical and equipped, close to shops, bars, restaurants. Young and lively area, typical and trendy. 50 m from Ménilmontant metro station and bus stop number 96 direct to Châtelet,St Germain des prés, le Marais Appartement clair, calme, coloré, équipé et pratique au coeur d'un quartier très (website hidden), lecteur DVD, HIFI, wifi, machine à laver, micro onde, draps, serviettes... Quartier idéal pour les voyageurs aimant faire la fête et des rencontres autour d'un verre dans une bonne ambiance. Quartier jeune et très animé, cosmopolite, branché et bon marché ( menus à 12 Eu ), bars, restos, commerces, ambiance conviviale. Proximité du cimetière Père Lachaise, quartier Belleville et rue Oberkampf. Bus 96 direct pour Châtelet, Le Marais, St Michel, St Germain des prés et Gare Montparnasse. Métro Ménilmontant à 50m et métros Belleville, Père Lachaise et Parmentier à 5mn à pied.
28569	Welcome to 20m2 room in beautiful 100m2 flat ,bathing in sunshine.  room is with fourciture , confortable double bed (possibility of matelas for 3 rd person with 20euros par night on top), and  face to inside courtyard.  we share  salon, kitchen, WC, bathroom. 2mn walk to metro, 10mn walk to The Marais next to  supermarket  for your  everyday needs we provide  towels sheets,  basic  needs. Off course with information you need:)	We rent 20m2 room  in french style100m2 flat with flourish courtyard. room has table,chair,french quality double bedBlutex, 2fournitures.  Bath room,WC, kitchen,beautiful salon with before Haussmanien french style are to share. 2mn from metro. Welcome to 20m2 room in beautiful 100m2 flat ,bathing in sunshine.  room is with fourciture , confortable double bed (possibility of matelas for 3 rd person with 20euros par night on top), and  face to inside courtyard.  we share  salon, kitchen, WC, bathroom. 2mn walk to metro, 10mn walk to The Marais next to  supermarket  for your  everyday needs we provide  towels sheets,  basic  needs. Off course with information you need:) 20m2 room with bed and fournitures, french style Salon, Kichen, Bath room, WC. good adresse , useful information. next church. gardien in courtyard  os security is garantie! 2 mn to Metro station! Our couryard selected as most flourish  courtyard in Paris recently.  no neighbord.
28570	The apartment is in the center of paris with all facilities, just 2 mn's walk from Republique Subway Station . You can easily find supermarket, restaurant, bars, shopping nearby. Perfect for 2 people. Lounge area and a sofa bed providing a very comfortable sleep in a real big mattress (160x200cm).  Kitchen equipped, Bathroom, 6st floor with elevator  Airport access easy  FREE Wifi TV Free wifi Kitchen equipped Bathroom, Bath towel Refrigerator  Microwave Coffee machine Toaster République, a truly working class area of Paris Stay in a short-term rental apartment in the heart of a lively district and get a sense of the Parisian soul and its eternal spirit of protest A historically lively district Initially, Place de la République was known as Place du Château d’Eau, the name of the fountain that stood there at the time, and was renamed to celebrate the centenary of the French Revolution. Its location corresponds to the old stronghold of Porte du Temple, which was one of the entrances to 	The apartment is in the center of paris with all facilities, just 2 mn's walk from Republique Subway Station . You can easily find supermarket, restaurant, bars, shopping nearby. Perfect for 2 people. Lounge area and a sofa bed providing a very comfortable sleep in a real big mattress (160x200cm).  Kitchen equipped, Bathroom, 6st floor with elevator  Airport access easy  FREE Wifi TV Free wifi Kitchen equipped Bathroom, Bath towel Refrigerator  Microwave Coffee machine Toaster République, a truly working class area of Paris Stay in a short-term rental apartment in the heart of a lively district and get a sense of the Parisian soul and its eternal spirit of protest A historically lively district Initially, Place de la République was known as Place du Château d’Eau, the name of the fountain that stood there at the time, and was renamed to celebrate the centenary of the French Revolution. Its location corresponds to the old stronghold of Porte du Temple, which was one of the entrances to 
28571	- 1st floor (1, not 0) - Indoor parking place available for 10 euros per day - 35 inches (80 cm) flat TV - Wifi - Marschall sound system - Italian bathroom - Expresso machine - Washing machine	"Fully-furnished 20m2 studio with sunny terrace and garden ! - 1st floor (1, not 0) - Indoor parking place available for 10 euros per day - 35 inches (80 cm) flat TV - Wifi - Marschall sound system - Italian bathroom - Expresso machine - Washing machine I'm available for any questions or help The 11th arrondissement is one block away from Paris' historical centre (""Le Marais"") (i.e 20 min walk from place des Vosges and Bastille). Two station away on the line three is ""Place de la République"" (where the January 2015 demonstrations against terrorism took place). 200 meters away from the flat is ""Rue Oberkampf"", famous for its nightlife. The closest subway station - ""Rue saint Maur"" (ligne 3) - is 30 seconds away (down the flat, really) ; Ligne 2 is 200 metres away at the very famous ""Père Lachaise"" cemetery ; Ligne 9 is 500 meters away (station ""Saint Ambroise) Indoor parking place available for 10 euros per day"
28572	We welcome you in this very spacious appartement, full of light and located near Faidherbe street and Charonne. This appartment is composed by 3 bedrooms (one for parents with 180X200cm bed, one with 2 single beds and one with 2 children beds), a living room, a dining room, a kitchen and 2 bathrooms. Please note that there is no TV but wifi	We welcome you in this very spacious appartement, full of light and located near Faidherbe street and Charonne. This appartment is composed by 3 bedrooms (one for parents with 180X200cm bed, one with 2 single beds and one with 2 children beds), a living room, a dining room, a kitchen and 2 bathrooms. Please note that there is no TV but wifi Lift to access the appartment. Possibility to safely store bicycles in the entrance. We will provide you with all necessary information and assistance to make your stay in Paris a unique and authentic experience Between Faidherbe street and Voltaire Place, near Aligre market, it is ideal for Parisian shopping (Faubourg Saint Antoine and charonne street) and restaurants (Paul Bert street, de la Roquette street), parks, bars and night life. The appartement is located on metro line 9 just at Charonne station, easy to cross all Paris and reach the most visited areas. Bus line nr 46 and 56. Velib and Autolib are located at few meters. The appartment is p
28573		Bastille, close to Marais: Charming 2 rooms, 4th floor, lift.  Quiet and sunny, overlooking courtyard garden, fully-equipped kitchen, 1 bedroom. Metro, Bus, many shops, cafés and restaurants nearby, coin laundry right next to building entrance.
28574		Most cosy apartement ever, in the center of Paris, closed to République and the canal saint martin. This place is perfect for a couple, best lookout ever, under the roof of a typical old building. Place clean and modern.
28575	L'appartement est composé de: - une grande pièce à vivre avec canapé convertible et grand écran de télévision - une chambre avec vrai lit 2 personnes - une cuisine avec réfrigérateur, congélateur, four, plaques, machine à café, grille pain et bouilloire - une salle de bain fonctionnelle avec douche et WC. // This apartment contains:  - a big living room with a Sofa (which can be turned into a bed for 2) and a TV screen. - a bedroom with a real 2 persons bed - a fully equipped kitchen (oven, gaz, fridge and freezer, coffee machine, toaster, boiler) -a bathroom with the toilets and a shower. 	A deux pas de la Place de la République et à trois de celle de la Bastille,  ce charmant 40m2 est le parfait endroit pour profiter du cœur de la capitale, tout en bénéficiant du calme des fenêtres sur cour. L'appartement est composé de: - une grande pièce à vivre avec canapé convertible et grand écran de télévision - une chambre avec vrai lit 2 personnes - une cuisine avec réfrigérateur, congélateur, four, plaques, machine à café, grille pain et bouilloire - une salle de bain fonctionnelle avec douche et WC. // This apartment contains:  - a big living room with a Sofa (which can be turned into a bed for 2) and a TV screen. - a bedroom with a real 2 persons bed - a fully equipped kitchen (oven, gaz, fridge and freezer, coffee machine, toaster, boiler) -a bathroom with the toilets and a shower. A deux pas de la Place de la République et à trois de celle de la Bastille,  ce charmant 40m2 est l'endroit parfait pour profiter du cœur de la capitale, tout en bénéficiant du calme des fenêtres 
28576	kitchen and bedroom at the opposite , the bathroom in  between .  Lights comes from three different windows 	Located at the border 11th-20th , Pére Lachaise 's corner . Grocery shops , restaurants , metro line 2-3 or 9 . 10 minutes walk from Gare de Lyon and Republique. Fully equip. kitchen , saparate room and a bath . You will love my windows . kitchen and bedroom at the opposite , the bathroom in  between .  Lights comes from three different windows  WIFI .Projector TV .Airplay I always available to help you during you stay . It's about an Happy building in a popular area of Paris . Pere Lachaise metro line 2 or 3 just 2 minutes walk. Voltaire metro line 9 is 300 meters down , direction Bastille (10 minutes) 
28577	We rent our apartment punctually in our absence. The accommodation is situated in the 11 district of Paris and we will be delighted to welcome you and advise you on tips and fun places.  There are two bedrooms, each with double beds. You have access to the kitchen and bathroom of the apartment. The apartment is located on the 7th floor with elevator and has an unobstructed view of one side of the Père Lachaise, and another on the Sacred Heart. Possibility of renting a room only when we  are present: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/2306409 	Quiet accommodation , bright and spacious located in a lively 11th district of Paris ( Père Lachaise Metro ) . It consists of 2 large living rooms with 2 big beds, kitchen, bathroom and toilet. We will be delighted to share our Paris We rent our apartment punctually in our absence. The accommodation is situated in the 11 district of Paris and we will be delighted to welcome you and advise you on tips and fun places.  There are two bedrooms, each with double beds. You have access to the kitchen and bathroom of the apartment. The apartment is located on the 7th floor with elevator and has an unobstructed view of one side of the Père Lachaise, and another on the Sacred Heart. Possibility of renting a room only when we  are present: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/2306409 Guests have access to the full appartment Bed linen and towels are provided.  There is also a hairdryer at your disposal. We have a wifi connection. We will be delighted to welcome you and advise you on tours and attractions 
28578	Appartement 2 pièces, avec salle de bain et cuisine ouverte sur le salon. Il est très fonctionnel et au calme. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes.  L'ensemble de l'appartement est accessible: le salon, la cuisine, la salle de bain et la chambre  Je suis disponible pour l'envoi de photos supplémentaires et davantage de détails sur l'appartement.  De nombreux restaurants et bistrots réputés tels que le Septime, Paris Hanoï.  La nouvelle boite tendance Le Badaboum est à 2 min à pieds.  Métro le plus proche: ligne 9, arrêt CHARONNE  Accessible par métro 8 (LEDRU ROLLIN ou FAIDHERBE, 5 min à pieds), par métro 2 (ALEXANDRE DUMAS, 7 min à pieds) et par les métros 1 et 5 (BASTILLE, 10min à pieds) + nombreux bus  Un guide et listes d'endroits à voir et à faire vous attend.  	Appartement 2 pièces, avec salle de bain et cuisine ouverte sur le salon. Il est très fonctionnel et au calme. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes.  L'ensemble de l'appartement est accessible: le salon, la cuisine, la salle de bain et la chambre  Je suis disponible pour l'envoi de photos supplémentaires et davantage de détails sur l'appartement.  De nombreux restaurants et bistrots réputés tels que le Septime, Paris Hanoï.  La nouvelle boite tendance Le Badaboum est à 2 min à pieds.  Métro le plus proche: ligne 9, arrêt CHARONNE  Accessible par métro 8 (LEDRU ROLLIN ou FAIDHERBE, 5 min à pieds), par métro 2 (ALEXANDRE DUMAS, 7 min à pieds) et par les métros 1 et 5 (BASTILLE, 10min à pieds) + nombreux bus  Un guide et listes d'endroits à voir et à faire vous attend.  
28579	LOCATION : Very centrally located, (3 minutes walk from Place de la Bastille, Places de Vosgues and historic quartier “Le Marais“). Very dinamic and nice quartier área, surrounded by nice restaurants, commerces, and bars, still keeping a quiet home. TRANSPORT : Metro is right across from the building. From Bastille you have access to Line 1 that crosses all Paris east-west. You have 2 stops to Hotel de Ville and Notre Dame, 4 stops to Musee du Lovre and good conections to airport too. APARTMENT : My home it´s in a 6th floor and has a cute balcony where you can have you first coffee in the morning and enjoy the Parisian light and arquitecture. It´s well equiped with a double bed and nice L sofa bed, TV, clean bathroom with bathtub, and confortable living area. The kitchen has electric stove, microwave, toaster, nespresso coffee machine and full set up.  The building has 2 elevators. OTHERS : Bose speakers, and guidebooks. 	Feel at home in this sunny, really confortable and convenient studio apartment. LOCATION : Very centrally located, (3 minutes walk from Place de la Bastille, Places de Vosgues and historic quartier “Le Marais“). Very dinamic and nice quartier área, surrounded by nice restaurants, commerces, and bars, still keeping a quiet home. TRANSPORT : Metro is right across from the building. From Bastille you have access to Line 1 that crosses all Paris east-west. You have 2 stops to Hotel de Ville and Notre Dame, 4 stops to Musee du Lovre and good conections to airport too. APARTMENT : My home it´s in a 6th floor and has a cute balcony where you can have you first coffee in the morning and enjoy the Parisian light and arquitecture. It´s well equiped with a double bed and nice L sofa bed, TV, clean bathroom with bathtub, and confortable living area. The kitchen has electric stove, microwave, toaster, nespresso coffee machine and full set up.  The building has 2 elevators. OTHERS : Bose speakers, a
28580	The appartment (85m2) is composed of: - 2 Rooms equipped with king size beds, cupboards. - Fully-equiped kitchen (oven, microwave, fridge, washing-machine) - Living room with TV (200 channels) + WIFI (Fiber Optic speed) - Bathroom: shower, restroom.	85m2 appartment with large living room, fully-equiped kitchen, 2 rooms (king size beds)+WIFI. Appartment near Parmentier/Oberkampf, liverly area with many excellent restaurants, bars and pubs. Ideal for tourists/couples. The appartment (85m2) is composed of: - 2 Rooms equipped with king size beds, cupboards. - Fully-equiped kitchen (oven, microwave, fridge, washing-machine) - Living room with TV (200 channels) + WIFI (Fiber Optic speed) - Bathroom: shower, restroom. Appartment owner will give you advice on the best restaurants, clubs, pubs and bars in the area as well as in Paris. He is very welcoming. Oberkampf/Parmentier is at the heart of Paris. It is a very animated area with excellent restaurants (good price vs. quality), pubs and bars. The appartment is located 200m from there allowing you to rest in calm. Details: The appartment is located in a quite place, ideal for resting, but as you walk 250m down the street, you'll end up at Parmentier/Oberkampf which is one of the coolest 
28581	I'll let you a welcome book in the apartment, with any information you need, my favorites places, museums, bars&restaurants, where are the groceries stores, where to go shopping, the tube map etc... I'll try to share every tips you should have to enjoy your trip! Je laisserai dans l'appartement un livre de bienvenue, avec toutes les informations dont vous pourriez avoir besoin, mes endroits préférés, mes musées, bars et restaurants favoris, où faire vos courses, où faire du shopping, le plan du métro etc... J'essaierai de vous y indiquer toutes les info qui pourraient vous aider à profiter au mieux de votre séjour!	This lovely apartment is also very clever : the bed goes under I'll let you a welcome book in the apartment, with any information you need, my favorites places, museums, bars&restaurants, where are the groceries stores, where to go shopping, the tube map etc... I'll try to share every tips you should have to enjoy your trip! Je laisserai dans l'appartement un livre de bienvenue, avec toutes les informations dont vous pourriez avoir besoin, mes endroits préférés, mes musées, bars et restaurants favoris, où faire vos courses, où faire du shopping, le plan du métro etc... J'essaierai de vous y indiquer toutes les info qui pourraient vous aider à profiter au mieux de votre séjour! You-ll access to all the apartment. /// Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement. During your stay, you can contact me anytime, I'm living in an other city but my dears friends and sister ( your new neighbors ) will nicely help you in case of any trouble. /// Durant votre séjour, je résiderai dans une autre ville ma
28582	PRESENTATION Brand new 13 SQM roof studio flat with ingenious equipment designed by an architect. The whole apartment’s organization was conceived to make your stay cozy, pleasant and functional, with all the modern comfort and refinement available.  Located on the sixth floor of a nice Haussmannien building which has recently been renovated internally as well as externally, the studio is bright, very quiet and at only 100 meters from the Charonne metro station. The lift has not been built yet, but the stairs are very pleasant :) Check in: 14H/2:00pm according to the availability. I will welcome you on site and I can be flexible on the time. Check out: 12H (I can be flexible according to the availability) Studio neuf de 13 m² sous les toits, intelligemment conçu et aménagé par un architecte. Chaque emplacement a été étudié pour rendre votre séjour cosy, agréable et fonctionnel, avec tout le confort moderne et raffiné.  Situé au 6ème étage d’un immeuble Haussmannien entièrement rénové e	PRESENTATION Brand new 13 SQM roof studio flat with ingenious equipment designed by an architect. The whole apartment’s organization was conceived to make your stay cozy, pleasant and functional, with all the modern comfort and refinement available.  Located on the sixth floor of a nice Haussmannien building which has recently been renovated internally as well as externally, the studio is bright, very quiet and at only 100 meters from the Charonne metro station. The lift has not been built yet, but the stairs are very pleasant :) Check in: 14H/2:00pm according to the availability. I will welcome you on site and I can be flexible on the time. Check out: 12H (I can be flexible according to the availability) Studio neuf de 13 m² sous les toits, intelligemment conçu et aménagé par un architecte. Chaque emplacement a été étudié pour rendre votre séjour cosy, agréable et fonctionnel, avec tout le confort moderne et raffiné.  Situé au 6ème étage d’un immeuble Haussmannien entièrement rénové e
28583		Bright duplex perfect for a small group of friends. Relax in the living room listening to music emitted from the turntable, before exploring the surprises of the 11th district. This will be a highlight of your future stay in Paris. Two people can sleep in the living room. 
28584	The appartment is quite calm, luminous and spacious in a lively neighbourhood. The room has a double bed, two persons can stay without problem.	The apartment is calm and spacious. This is rare in Paris to have such a calm, luminous place in a so lively area. The appartment is quite calm, luminous and spacious in a lively neighbourhood. The room has a double bed, two persons can stay without problem. The guest has access to all space of the appartment (kitchen, bathroom...) Nous acceptons de louer une chambre seulement si l'appartement vous intéresse et vous permettre de payer 50€ la nuitée au lieu de 100€ l'ensemble de l'appartement. Le quartier est très animé et agréable à vivre. Sa très bonne situation permet d'être rapidement partout dans Paris. The appartment is really close to many metro stations (5 minutes-walk from Goncourt, Belleville; 5-10 min-walk from République, Parmentier), many bus stations. Almost all places of interest of Paris can be reached In 30 minutes max.
28585	Très agréable à vivre car très lumineux, spacieux et calme. Immeuble récent et bourgeois dans un quartier commerçant et très bien desservi. Equipement tout neuf et pratique avec salle de bains et WC indépendants. De multiples placards penderie dans une spacieuse entrée. Au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Balcon pour bain de soleil.	58m2 + 4m2 balcon - vue sur jardin - très ensoleillé, jusqu'à 6 personnes. Métro et bus à 50m qui vont direct au cœur de Paris Opéra (Roissy Bus), Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysées, Sacré-Coeur, gares de Lyon, St Lazare et Austerlitz. Tout neuf. Très agréable à vivre car très lumineux, spacieux et calme. Immeuble récent et bourgeois dans un quartier commerçant et très bien desservi. Equipement tout neuf et pratique avec salle de bains et WC indépendants. De multiples placards penderie dans une spacieuse entrée. Au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Balcon pour bain de soleil. Appartement indépendant en totalité réservé aux touristes et hommes d'affaires. Nous accueillons en Français, anglais dès leur arrivée et nous serons présents pour leur départ. Quartier animé et tranquille avec tous les commerçants et supermarchés au pied de l'immeuble (Carrefour Market, Lidl, Franprix ). Possibilités de promenades au Père-Lachaise (100m).  station vélib et autolib à 50m . Métro Père-Lachaise à 100m à pied lign
28586	Loft in the most attractive area of Paris. Design decoration. Perfect for 6 persons (enough room)	This loft is 120m2 in the center of Paris, 5 minutes walking distance from The Marais, the Hôtel de Ville, and in Oberkampf area where there are so many bars, restaurants, shops and everything you need to enjoy Paris. It's ideal for 6 persons Loft in the most attractive area of Paris. Design decoration. Perfect for 6 persons (enough room) free wifi access bed linens and towels provided tv in on bedroom, in one living-room and home cinema in another living-room Some one will be there to welcome you on your arrival and during your stay, you will be able to ask anything you need We allow late check-out/early check-in in free of charge as long as it does not clash with other guests check-in/out. (In which case we cannot offer this extra special service) It's the perfect area for who likes dancing, shopping or hictory. It's the perfect place with so many bars, restaurants, shops, and touristics spots line 5 and 9 metro oberkampf line 8 metro fiiles du calvaire From Roissy CDG or Orly airpor
28587	Petit nid perché sur les toits de Paris, parfait pour un couple en vacances. Calme et propice à la détente. La vue dégagée est très agréable et l'exposition sud-ouest vous donnera du soleil jusqu'au soir.  A 5 minutes de l'agitation Parisienne, l'appartement est un point de départ idéal pour partir à la découverte de la ville - de jour comme de nuit !	Joli  2 pièces lumineux avec belle vue sur les toits de paris, proche de Père Lachaise. A 5 minutes à pied vous pourrez vous régaler Chez Mammy ou au bistrot Paul Bert, tester les pâtisseries de Cyril Lignac, faire votre marché sur une belle place... Petit nid perché sur les toits de Paris, parfait pour un couple en vacances. Calme et propice à la détente. La vue dégagée est très agréable et l'exposition sud-ouest vous donnera du soleil jusqu'au soir.  A 5 minutes de l'agitation Parisienne, l'appartement est un point de départ idéal pour partir à la découverte de la ville - de jour comme de nuit ! Accès Wi-Fi dans toutes les pièces.  Draps, serviettes de bain et produits de douche fournis. * 6e étage sans ascenseur. Mais une fois arrivés, vous serez heureux de profiter de la vue dégagée et de la luminosité ! Je vous accueille dans les lieux et je vous laisserai la liste de mes bonnes adresses : restaurants, café, friperies, brocantes, bars à concerts, ballades. Pendant votre séjour, je
28588	Mon logement est un pti endroit sympa et relaxant ... surtout lorsque le matin le soleil se lève dans le salon et le soir il se couche avec moi... 	"Petit appartement situé dans l'est de Paris , dans un des quartier les plus fréquentés Ménilmontant et la rue oberkamph.  Vous pourrez y trouver de multiples restaurant et Bar de différentes ambiances et cultures dont le ""Perchoir rooftop"". Mon logement est un pti endroit sympa et relaxant ... surtout lorsque le matin le soleil se lève dans le salon et le soir il se couche avec moi... Mon quartier est cosmopolite ... on y touve de tout . Concert bar magasin d artiste coiffeur ... Autour de l appartement il y a 2 lignes de metro (2 et 3) . La ligne 2 est direct à la chapelle (gare du nord) ou on peut acceder au rerB en direction de l aéroport Charles de gaulle roissy .  La ligne 3 vous dépose à Opéra , havre caumartin ...  Le bus 96, vous emmenes tout droit vers le centre de paris ( hotel de ville , st michel , notre dame...)"
28589	Situated on a quiet courtyard in the heart of the trendy Bastille area this one bed roomed loft has an office, large living space and a fully equipped open plan kitchen. Washing machine, dishwasher, TV, DVD, hifi and grand father clock dating from 1890. Superior quality finishes and lots of plants make for a very pleasant environment. Easy walking distance from fresh produce markets, stores, the historic Marais (Place des Vosges is a pleasant 7 min walk) and the Seine. Great for public transport (several metro and bus lines) too. Ideal for a couple, does have two fold out single beds. Cleaner can be arranged. Deposit will be required, depends on length of stay	Situated on a quiet courtyard in the heart of the trendy Bastille area this one bed roomed loft has an office, large living space and a fully equipped open plan kitchen. Washing machine, dishwasher, TV, DVD, hifi and grand father clock dating from 1890. Superior quality finishes and lots of plants make for a very pleasant environment. Easy walking distance from fresh produce markets, stores, the historic Marais (Place des Vosges is a pleasant 7 min walk) and the Seine. Great for public transport (several metro and bus lines) too. Ideal for a couple, does have two fold out single beds. Cleaner can be arranged. Deposit will be required, depends on length of stay
28590	Dear guest, It's a cosy flat in the east of Paris. The flat is 30m2 size, it's very luminous and facing the famous PERE LACHAISE cemetery.  There is a little american kitchen with all the equipment you need, induction cooktop, fridge, microwave, toaster, oven and a large sink with a dishwasher. Little separate bathroom with a shower and towel dryer. The bedroom is separate, equiped with a convertible bed. Optical fiber Wi-fi is included.  I provide all the dishes you need, 2 towels per person and the sheets for the bed. I do ask for a security deposit of 200 euros wich is managed by airbnb. This will of course be entirely returned to you within 48h by Airbnb if there hasn't been any dammage and that you gave back the keys. If you loose the keys 130 euros will be kept from the deposit... This is the price to do a copy.  Don't hesitate to ask me for help!  Cheers!	Dear guest, The appartment is 30m2 surface.  Next to the shops and the subway station. Facing the famous PERE LACHAISE cemetary
28591	The flat is spacious, calm and very bright with large windows in every room Its structure offers two well seperated sleeping areas if travelling more than two. The Living: Fireplace, view on the sky and 19th century basilica, Sofa bed made by a designer that turns into a confortable double bed Straight piano, Hi-fi system and a bunch of cds, ideal for music lovers or players! The kitchen: Fully equipped from the oven to the juice extractor,italian coffee machine all is there to have an honorable Chef's dinner or breakfast Dining area The bathroom; Charming typical bathtub from the 30's, washing machine The Bedroom: Large, Double bed with high quality matress and bed linen NB: There is one bedroom and also a sofa bed in the living which can welcome two more people.	Bright 52sqm ideally located on 7th & last floor of a calm building. The APT offers a tremendous view on parisian rooftops. 1min walk from metro, commodities but also streets buzzing with bars. At the crossroad of strategic must-see spots. 2 to 4 PPL The flat is spacious, calm and very bright with large windows in every room Its structure offers two well seperated sleeping areas if travelling more than two. The Living: Fireplace, view on the sky and 19th century basilica, Sofa bed made by a designer that turns into a confortable double bed Straight piano, Hi-fi system and a bunch of cds, ideal for music lovers or players! The kitchen: Fully equipped from the oven to the juice extractor,italian coffee machine all is there to have an honorable Chef's dinner or breakfast Dining area The bathroom; Charming typical bathtub from the 30's, washing machine The Bedroom: Large, Double bed with high quality matress and bed linen NB: There is one bedroom and also a sofa bed in the living which can
28592	Cet appartement est habité par Virgile et Margot, jeune couple passionné d'art graphique. Refait à neuf récemment, cet appartement de 30m2 est très lumineux, grâce à sa belle hauteur sous plafond. Il n'y a pas de balcon, en revanche, il comprend une belle terrasse commune intérieure, un inédit pour Paris ! Nous avons la vue sur la terrasse commune, qui est très calme, aucun bruit.  L'appartement est sécurisé par un digicode et un interphone avec caméra intégrée. Il est situé au troisième étage avec ascenseur.  L'appartement ne contient pas de chambre mais nous sommes tellement bien dedans qu'on n'en a pas l'utilité. Le canapé-lit est un haut de gamme, il est très facile à replier et est très confortable.  Le confort est à son maximum avec internet à disposition, un écran plat samsung, une machine à laver, une cuisine moderne avec table et tabouret, 2 plaques à induction, hotte, réfrigérateur, micro-onde four, congélateur, grille-pain, cafetière Senseo et Nespresso...  La salle de bain 	Appartement neuf situé en plein cœur du Village Bastille, rue de Charonne, à seulement quelques pas de l’historique Place de la Bastille, de l’Opéra Bastille et de la Place des Vosges. Au 3ème étage d'un immeuble typique du XIXème. Cet appartement est habité par Virgile et Margot, jeune couple passionné d'art graphique. Refait à neuf récemment, cet appartement de 30m2 est très lumineux, grâce à sa belle hauteur sous plafond. Il n'y a pas de balcon, en revanche, il comprend une belle terrasse commune intérieure, un inédit pour Paris ! Nous avons la vue sur la terrasse commune, qui est très calme, aucun bruit.  L'appartement est sécurisé par un digicode et un interphone avec caméra intégrée. Il est situé au troisième étage avec ascenseur.  L'appartement ne contient pas de chambre mais nous sommes tellement bien dedans qu'on n'en a pas l'utilité. Le canapé-lit est un haut de gamme, il est très facile à replier et est très confortable.  Le confort est à son maximum avec internet à disposit
28593	Duplex de 64m2 aménagé au sein d'une ancienne école avec : - Au rez-de-chaussée : une chambre et une salle de bain avec WC séparée (baignoire, douche, évier, machine à laver, sèche cheveux) - A l'étage : Un grand salon de 32m2 avec une cuisine / bar américain entièrement équipée : tout confort (four, lave-vaisselle, cafetière, grille-pain, micro-onde, etc.) pour les petits-déjeuners déjeuners et dîners. 	Deux pièces en duplex, moderne, lumineux et calme pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Profitez de sa cour fleurie avec table vous permettant de déjeuner en extérieur au coeur de Paris ! Duplex de 64m2 aménagé au sein d'une ancienne école avec : - Au rez-de-chaussée : une chambre et une salle de bain avec WC séparée (baignoire, douche, évier, machine à laver, sèche cheveux) - A l'étage : Un grand salon de 32m2 avec une cuisine / bar américain entièrement équipée : tout confort (four, lave-vaisselle, cafetière, grille-pain, micro-onde, etc.) pour les petits-déjeuners déjeuners et dîners.  Proche des métros Oberkampf, Parmentier, Belleville, Goncourt : Ligne 2, 3, 11 Quartier d'Oberkampf / Belleville.  Nombreux Restaurants et Bars  Plusieurs Super-marchés Marché de fruits et légumes 2 fois par semaine  Facile d'accés par les transports  Bus et 3 lignes de métro :  -Couronnes sur la ligne 2  - Goncourt ou Belleville sur la ligne 11 ( direct Hôtel de ville-Châtelet)  - Parmentier sur la
28594	That 15 square meters studio apartment is located between the “Bastille” and “Nation” squares, on the 2nd French floor of an 19th century building. It was totally redone and we keep it very clean.	"Enjoy Paris from this comfortable cute studio apartment. It is located in a nice neighborhood, at about a 15 minutes walk away from the lively ""Bastille"". The apartment is on the second floor. It is quiet. It is clean, it has been completely redone.  That 15 square meters studio apartment is located between the “Bastille” and “Nation” squares, on the 2nd French floor of an 19th century building. It was totally redone and we keep it very clean. “La rue de Montreuil” is a lively street where you will find several bars, pubs and restaurants. The nearest subway station, ""Rue des Boulets"",  is situated only 3 minutes walking from the flat. The big RER and subway station ""Nation"" is situated at about 5 minutes walking from the flat.  How to go to the flat ? From Paris Charles de Gaulle airport (CDG) by RER (express subway) :  - take RER B to Châtelet-les Halles (about 30 minutes)  - then RER A to Nation (6 minutes)  - then there is a 5 minutes walk to the studio. From Paris Orly airport (ORY"
28595		Logement proche Metro 9 arret Voltaire quartier vivant réputé commerces restaurants cafe bar animations transports à proximité en plein PARIS. Appt ensoleillé propre bien équipé.
28596	Au dernier étage, comme une maison ! Au fond d'une cour arborée, en plein Paris, entre République, Belleville, et le très chic Marais, une vue imprenable sur les toits et le calme de la campagne. Un nid, un havre, une oasis, appelez ça comme vous voudrez !	Au coeur du 11ème, quartier central et animé, 3 pièces en duplex avec terrasse Sud-Ouest. Calme et très lumineux. Un havre de paix au fond d'une magnifique cour arborée typiquement parisienne. Chant des oiseaux et apéros au coucher du soleil. Au dernier étage, comme une maison ! Au fond d'une cour arborée, en plein Paris, entre République, Belleville, et le très chic Marais, une vue imprenable sur les toits et le calme de la campagne. Un nid, un havre, une oasis, appelez ça comme vous voudrez ! Appartement indépendant. Accès par cour, porte à digicode. Nous serons absents quand vous logerez chez nous mais nos amis vous accueilleront et seront là pour répondre à vos questions. Populaire et animé, au centre de tout, grâce aux lignes de métro et aux innombrables stations de vélib avoisinantes. Immense choix de bars, de restaurants, changement d'ambiance tous les 500 mètres. Métro 2, 3, 5, 9, 8.
28597	The flat is located at the 3rd floor without elevator and offers you : - A fully independent equipped kitchen - A living room with a piano and a library. - A bedroom with a double bed, - A bathroom with a shower and toilets.	This apartment is located on the 3rd floor and offers you a living room, a bathroom and a bedroom. Furthermore, it's located next to the place de la Bastille, which is a symbolic landmark and where historical buildings and designed ones cohabit. The flat is located at the 3rd floor without elevator and offers you : - A fully independent equipped kitchen - A living room with a piano and a library. - A bedroom with a double bed, - A bathroom with a shower and toilets. The apartment is near the Place de la Bastille, which is a famous landmark and where historical buildings and designed ones cohabit. Furthermore, you will be only few minutes away from the Port de l’Arsenal. You will find the station « Ledru-Rollin » (line 8 ) and the station Bastille (line 1, 5 and 8) at 5 minutes walk. COME / GO BY PLANE From the Châtelet or Gare du Nord station, you can take the train to the airport Charles de Gaulle (CDG) and Orly - Extra Charge for late arrivals For late arrivals, we ask for a EUR 10 c
28598		Large room in a cosy flat shared by 3 girls, friendly and peaceful atmosphere in the flat and the building :). Ménilmontant subway station and bus 96 (very useful) at 3 min by foot, like many shops and bars in this cheap and festive area of Paris :) You will have access to all parts of the flat and share life with two nice young women :) I won't be here to welcome you but my friends will do it. If you stay all the month it will be a pleasure for me to meet you at the middle of August :) The 11th district of Paris is a really nice place, where people are more relaxed than other parisians. The population is from all over the world, includes many artists, and you can go out close to the flat in Oberkampf street, one of the most famous of Paris thanks to her numerous cheap bars and restaurants :) You can go by foot to Edith Piaf museum, or to the famous Père Lachaise cimetery, or to several parks... You can also go by foot or by Velib' (Paris bikes) to two famous squares : Place de la Bast
28599	Cette maison est très agréable à vivre surtout en été. Lumineuse, avec de grandes verrières ,elle offre de beaux espaces à vivre. On s'y sent bien, entre amis ou en famille. La terrasse permet de prendre ses repas dehors sans bruit de circulation! Un privilège à Paris.	Maison calme de 85m2 avec terrasse, deux chambres sur deux niveaux avec un  lit double et deux singles, dans un quartier très vivant,  desservie par 3 lignes de métro. Un lieu idéal pour relaxer et s'immerger dans la vie parisienne. Cette maison est très agréable à vivre surtout en été. Lumineuse, avec de grandes verrières ,elle offre de beaux espaces à vivre. On s'y sent bien, entre amis ou en famille. La terrasse permet de prendre ses repas dehors sans bruit de circulation! Un privilège à Paris. Je suis parisien et présent pour vous donner tous les conseils dont vous avez besoin pour vous aider à découvrir toutes les richesses de cette ville. Ce quartier du faubourg saint-Antoine est connu pour être l'un des plus agréables à vivre de Paris.  La maison est à deux pas du marché Aligre, de nombreuses boutiques et restaurants très sympathiques, encore de nombreux artisans, des galeries d'art et des brocantes. 3 lignes de métros (1,8,9) et 5 de bus permettent de circuler très facilement. 
28600	Beautiful modern apartment in the trendy, up&coming 11th arrondissement, right next door to historical Pere Lachaise cemetery .  Centrally located and tucked away from over-crowded, over-expensive tourist areas, the 47meters squared apartment consists of a cozy bedroom, a large bathroom with a bathtub, a fully-equipped kitchen, and a spacious living room.  The apartment faces the co-op's charming courtyard, which guarantees absolute silence and tranquility.  	"Our bright and open 47 square meter apartment with a courtyard view is on a charming traditional street, in the heart of the 11th arrondissement. Enjoy a calm chill space in one of the most ""branché"" areas of Paris!  Beautiful modern apartment in the trendy, up&coming 11th arrondissement, right next door to historical Pere Lachaise cemetery .  Centrally located and tucked away from over-crowded, over-expensive tourist areas, the 47meters squared apartment consists of a cozy bedroom, a large bathroom with a bathtub, a fully-equipped kitchen, and a spacious living room.  The apartment faces the co-op's charming courtyard, which guarantees absolute silence and tranquility.   We have a queen-sized artisan-crafted mattress which was made specifically to support and form to the shape of the body, while retaining ultimate softness and plush.  Not too hard, not too soft…just right!   The couch in the living room easily transforms into a luxurious, comfortable queen-sized bed, large enough for "
28601		Jolie chambre cosy dans appartement ensoleillé situé au 6 ème étage (ascenseur) avec vue dégagée, et entièrement refait à neuf. Vous partagerez SdB et espace communs avec nous! Entre les très vivants quartiers Oberkampf et Belleville, métro en bas de l'immeuble et très nombreux bars et restaurants à coté. Cuisine/salon, SdB Mise à disposition d'une place de parking pour 5€/jour. Table d'hôte possible le soir sur demande (15€/pers.) Commerces de proximité, vie nocturne, facilités de déplacement  Metro/bus
28602	Ce studio est agrandi d'une mezzanine fermée sous les combles (espace supplémentaires pour 2 adultes ayant leur sac de couchage par exemple). Ul y a une petite salle de douche mais fonctionnelle et suffisante, avec petit lavabo et wc. le séjours est agréable et bien agencé avec son coin cuisine et le minimum nécessaire (plaque, frigo, micro onde, ustensile, couverts, verres, assiettes...). TV et WIFI compris. TRES BIEN SITUE à coté bastille et bien desservi.	Nice flat in center of PARIS. In a beautiful and quit walking street with flowers, close to the Charonne station of subway 9, all accommodations and  transports. Beau Studio +mezzanine fermée bien situé, 4 personnes possible mais 1 canapé lit dispo oui je suis joignable si besoin Voisinage et quartier sympa. situé dans un passage calme et fleuri. A 2mn de charonne
28603		All inclusive bed & breakfast and city visit on my shared STUDIO : one room / one bed / one bathroom / one kitchen / with me. Shared week-end and restaurant in Paris for 2, 3, 4 days. We will visit best place in Paris. Versailles, Fontainebleau...
28604	Beautiful 3-room apartment, illuminated , overlooking a trendy parisian courtyard, and the notorious cemetery of Père Lachaise with a tremendous view on one of the most famous monuments of the cemetery : Héloise & Abelard. The place is very secured with digital code and a  janitor. 	The flat : 60m2, 2 bed rooms. View on the Père Lachaise. Very Quiet (non building opposite), Close to the very lively Bastille area.  Subway: Line 2 (20mn from Montmartre & 30mn From Champs Élysées). Large Living Room (sofa bed), bathroom, kitchen Beautiful 3-room apartment, illuminated , overlooking a trendy parisian courtyard, and the notorious cemetery of Père Lachaise with a tremendous view on one of the most famous monuments of the cemetery : Héloise & Abelard. The place is very secured with digital code and a  janitor. a warm wooden floor welcomes you, such as a twin sofa bed, and 2 comfortable armchairs. The kitchen is fully equipped, including a gas cooker and electric oven (no microwave), a fridge, a freezer, a boiler and  a coffee machine.Theres is also a washing machine. A bathroom with a (website hidden) and DVD player available such as phone and free wifi connection.  Towels and and clean sheets provided. i can interact with guests as much as they need, to help them to enj
28605	A very cosy apartment located on the 3rd floor in a calm and well maintained building. The flat includes a living room area with a fireplace, a bedroom with a  king-size bed, an dining or office area, a kitchen and bathroom with bathtub. Hard wood floors, high ceilings and windows in each room. Perfect for a couple.	Calm and conveniently located apartment, steps from subway. Lively neighborhood with lots of bars, restaurants and amenities nearby. Supermarket downstairs. Subway, 1 minute away. A very cosy apartment located on the 3rd floor in a calm and well maintained building. The flat includes a living room area with a fireplace, a bedroom with a  king-size bed, an dining or office area, a kitchen and bathroom with bathtub. Hard wood floors, high ceilings and windows in each room. Perfect for a couple. Owner will meet with guests to show them apartment on arrival and before departure. A great neighborhood in the East of Paris.  Lots of bars and restaurants nearby. Many shops are close to the apartment (supermarket downstairs, bakeries, etc.). Very conveniently located. The Saint-Maur subway (line 3) is located just a few steps from the building. - No TV - No micro-wave
28606	This apartment opens out onto a spacious living area which features beautiful parquet varnished flooring. Part of the roomy lounge is attributed with a pretty, capacious wall cupboard, which has a sensory awakening of a large glass window/door that secretly grants you access to the balcony enriched with the most relaxing view, a perfect place to have an aperitif or sundowner at sunset. The living area is tastefully furnished with a sofa, an armchair and a large unique rug. On your left wall, you find a convenient sliding door feature which grants you access to an ambient, private study which exhibits a large bookcase, an antique table from the 50's that can be used as a work desk, and a comfortable sofa bed that is a large 140cm, perfect for those afternoon naps!  We offer a fully equipped kitchen which opens up into the adjacent living room area, the kitchen features a shelf that was carved out of black rock, this shelf is reserved for you and any amenities you might need during your 	This bright apartment is located on the 6th floor of a pretty building complex with elevator. It consists of a spacious living room, a kitchen, 2 bedrooms, a bathroom and a study with sofa-bed. The apartment also offers 2 balconies. This apartment opens out onto a spacious living area which features beautiful parquet varnished flooring. Part of the roomy lounge is attributed with a pretty, capacious wall cupboard, which has a sensory awakening of a large glass window/door that secretly grants you access to the balcony enriched with the most relaxing view, a perfect place to have an aperitif or sundowner at sunset. The living area is tastefully furnished with a sofa, an armchair and a large unique rug. On your left wall, you find a convenient sliding door feature which grants you access to an ambient, private study which exhibits a large bookcase, an antique table from the 50's that can be used as a work desk, and a comfortable sofa bed that is a large 140cm, perfect for those afternoon
28607	------------------------------------------------------------------ Studio description ------------------------------------------------------------------ The apartment is a charming apartment on the 3rd floor without elevator in the heart of Paris between the Marais quarter, the Bastille Place and the Republique quarter.   The studio is equipped with : + Living room : ---- LED TV ---- High speed wireless and cable internet ---- Computer + Open equipped kitchen : ---- oven/microwave ---- hotplate induction ---- fridge ---- everything you will need for cooking + Bathroom  ---- shower ---- toilets ---- hair dryer + Original double bed : ---- one double bed : 140 cm x 200 cm ---- storage cupboard  + Miscellaneous: ---- iron + Included in the flat : ---- Linens ---- Towels ---- Tea, coffee, salt, sugar are provided. => If you need something special, let me know before your coming	Charming furnished one apartment in the center of Paris.  The apartment is near to 3rd district and so in the center of Paris near to major touristic areas. There are 3 subway stops near to the apartment and lots of bus stop to join all quarters. ------------------------------------------------------------------ Studio description ------------------------------------------------------------------ The apartment is a charming apartment on the 3rd floor without elevator in the heart of Paris between the Marais quarter, the Bastille Place and the Republique quarter.   The studio is equipped with : + Living room : ---- LED TV ---- High speed wireless and cable internet ---- Computer + Open equipped kitchen : ---- oven/microwave ---- hotplate induction ---- fridge ---- everything you will need for cooking + Bathroom  ---- shower ---- toilets ---- hair dryer + Original double bed : ---- one double bed : 140 cm x 200 cm ---- storage cupboard  + Miscellaneous: ---- iron + Included in the flat :
28608	It's implicit location. It's by far the most vibrating corner in the 11th district	The room is located in the heart of the 11th district,  the most hype and vibrating quartier in Paris. Very good connections, parking for bicycles, famous bars and restaurants in the corner; The lifted bed and the large window makes the room cozy It's implicit location. It's by far the most vibrating corner in the 11th district You'll have access to all the amenities except the other room which belongs to my flatmate  I'll be in touch with you by phone or pay you brief visits The multicultural character and nevertheless the unity of the residents  The 96 bus station just in front of the entrance, metro and public bicycles could be found in the very proximity For an extra tip I offer a classy french bicycle for everyone who wants to take advantage and discover Paris in a different way 
28609	Studio between Bastille and Nation, near busy streets one minute walk from St Ambrose and 5mn Metro Richard Lenoir. On the first floor without lift, just few steps to go up! You can cook with induction hob, microwave etc. ...., sit, free wifi, cable TV, good location!I rent a little apartment well located in Paris and close to a few famous touristic places. 10 minutes walking from Bastille 15 minutes from  Notre Dame de Paris (in metro) 20 minutes from Opera (in metro) The studio has a bedroom with a double bed (perfect for couples), a small kitchen and a bathroom with toilets separated from the bedroom You have the cable TV and you have free WIFI access. The studio is at 1 minute  from the metro Saint Ambroise and at 1 minute from a supermarket. The district is animated with the famous Rue de la Roquette at 5-10 minutes walking and Oberkampf at 5 minutes.	Little studio next bastille and nation, at one minute on foot from métro St Ambroise you have the flat only for yourself  You have all the confort in it, you can cook, you have free wifi, tv ,a piece with shower and wc in the same flat, enjoy it! Studio between Bastille and Nation, near busy streets one minute walk from St Ambrose and 5mn Metro Richard Lenoir. On the first floor without lift, just few steps to go up! You can cook with induction hob, microwave etc. ...., sit, free wifi, cable TV, good location!I rent a little apartment well located in Paris and close to a few famous touristic places. 10 minutes walking from Bastille 15 minutes from  Notre Dame de Paris (in metro) 20 minutes from Opera (in metro) The studio has a bedroom with a double bed (perfect for couples), a small kitchen and a bathroom with toilets separated from the bedroom You have the cable TV and you have free WIFI access. The studio is at 1 minute  from the metro Saint Ambroise and at 1 minute from a supermark
28610		Always a pleasure to receive respectful persons :)
28611	The space has a lot of character, typically Parisian. High ceilings, wooden floor, large volumes.  The living room is 40sqm, the flat has 3 bedrooms: a parental suite with bathroom, a bedroom with 2 kid beds and a room with double bed (currently used as a playground for the kids).  Located on 5th floor with elevator, it has been refurbished in 2013 and is super comfortable. Bedrooms overlook a courtyard so no street noise during the night! Cleaning lady comes on Monday and Thursday at noon, so you will meet her if you stay one of these days.	Super glad to welcome you in our 120sqm flat in central Paris. Great location (Voltaire tube station), Parisian style (built in 1905), 3 bedrooms (incl. parental suite) & 2 bathrooms. High ceilings, wooden floor, large volumes. Charming !!! The space has a lot of character, typically Parisian. High ceilings, wooden floor, large volumes.  The living room is 40sqm, the flat has 3 bedrooms: a parental suite with bathroom, a bedroom with 2 kid beds and a room with double bed (currently used as a playground for the kids).  Located on 5th floor with elevator, it has been refurbished in 2013 and is super comfortable. Bedrooms overlook a courtyard so no street noise during the night! Cleaning lady comes on Monday and Thursday at noon, so you will meet her if you stay one of these days. You will have access to the entire flat. We will be glad to welcome you and give you all the tips you need to discover our lively neighbourhood.  We are ourselves experienced airbnb guests so we will make your s
28612	"Hello, i rent a room clear and independent, fifth floor by feet.  In the room (129 sq ft), there are: wardrobe, ironer, a desk with computer and internet, you have access to the phone depending on your country,  a bed (2.6/6.23 pieds). The apartment has a bathroom with shower .  The flat is center of Paris : 8min to the métro ""Republique"" (lignes 3,5,8,9,11), near the bus 96 ( Ménilmontant Belleville, to Montparnasse via le Marais, Châtelet, Saint Michel, Odéon) and bus 75 ( la Villette to the ""musée du Louvre""). The nearest métro is ""Goncourt"" (ligne 11) It is 5mn walk from the Canal St Martin, Rue Oberkampf; and 10 mn cycling (station velib) from the tourist areas of Opera Bastille, the cemetery Père Lachaise, Place des Vosges, Centre Pompidou, Musée Picasso. You are in Paris for shopping ? you will be not far  the neighborhood the ""Opéra and ""les grands magasins"" .  The breakfast is included, we provide clean sheets and towels. OK, talk to you soon, if you want more precisions"	"Hello, i rent a room clear and independent, fifth floor by feet.  In the room (129 sq ft), there are: wardrobe, ironer, a desk with computer and internet, you have access to the phone depending on your country,  a bed (2.6/6.23 pieds). The apartment has a bathroom with shower .  The flat is center of Paris : 8min to the métro ""Republique"" (lignes 3,5,8,9,11), near the bus 96 ( Ménilmontant Belleville, to Montparnasse via le Marais, Châtelet, Saint Michel, Odéon) and bus 75 ( la Villette to the ""musée du Louvre""). The nearest métro is ""Goncourt"" (ligne 11) It is 5mn walk from the Canal St Martin, Rue Oberkampf; and 10 mn cycling (station velib) from the tourist areas of Opera Bastille, the cemetery Père Lachaise, Place des Vosges, Centre Pompidou, Musée Picasso. You are in Paris for shopping ? you will be not far  the neighborhood the ""Opéra and ""les grands magasins"" .  The breakfast is included, we provide clean sheets and towels. OK, talk to you soon, if you want more precisions Bathr"
28613	De grandes fenêtres qui innondent de lumière l'appartement situé au 6e étage. La déco , chaleureuse et actuelle, rend le lieu cosy et mignon. On s'y sent bien. Pas de vis à vis.	Appartement cosy, calme et clair, donnant sur un passage dans un quartier animé. 6e étage avec ascenseur. Salon + cuisine à l'américaine. Chambre. Salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver. Wifi. Nombreux commerces de proximité. De grandes fenêtres qui innondent de lumière l'appartement situé au 6e étage. La déco , chaleureuse et actuelle, rend le lieu cosy et mignon. On s'y sent bien. Pas de vis à vis. Accès wifi, télévision, lecteur DVD, machine à laver le linge, sèche-cheveux, cafetière senseo, blender, four, frigidaire. Quartier très animé. Proximité boulangeries, bars, restaurants notamment sur la rue de Charonne. Marché à 3 minutes à pied le mercredi et samedi matin. Métro alexandre Dumas ligne 2 (2min à pied) ou Charonne ligne 9 (8min à pied). Possibilité d'accéder à Nation en 10 minutes à pied.  Arret de Bus 76 à 1 min à pied
28614	Modern, open space, loft style apartment in two levels. Renovated in April 2012 and furnished in a stylish, contemporary and warm manner. Central location, yet extremely peaceful, since it is located at the end of a long courtyard. The apartment is the home of a trilingual (English/French/Danish) family with three children.  We love our place, and we are willing to share our knowledge of our great neighbourhood.  A local English and French speaking person is living nearby and will be welcoming you and offer assistance, if needed, during your stay. The apartment is fully equipped for 7 persons and is ideal for a family. It is split in two levels and occupies the ground floor and first floor. The ground floor consists of a spacious open living/dining/kitchen area, one double bedroom and one bathroom with toilet. The first floor contains two double bedrooms, one single bedroom and one bathroom with separated toilet.  The apartment is heated by gas central heating. GROUND FLOOR  The entry 	Modern, open space, loft style apartment in two levels. Renovated in April 2012 and furnished in a stylish, contemporary and warm manner. Central location, yet extremely peaceful, since it is located at the end of a long courtyard. The apartment is the home of a trilingual (English/French/Danish) family with three children.  We love our place, and we are willing to share our knowledge of our great neighbourhood.  A local English and French speaking person is living nearby and will be welcoming you and offer assistance, if needed, during your stay. The apartment is fully equipped for 7 persons and is ideal for a family. It is split in two levels and occupies the ground floor and first floor. The ground floor consists of a spacious open living/dining/kitchen area, one double bedroom and one bathroom with toilet. The first floor contains two double bedrooms, one single bedroom and one bathroom with separated toilet.  The apartment is heated by gas central heating. GROUND FLOOR  The entry 
28615	apartment decorated with taste, ideally located in the heart of the 11eme neighborhood, within near Bastille and Le Marais, very quiet. This is your perfect Parisian “pied-à-terre” for an immersion in the parisian bourgeois bohemian life. You will love it!  The apartment is fully furnished and equipped with Nespresso machine, an oven,washing machine flat screen TV, iron & ironing board, and Wifi.  Everything is within few steps:  - Transportations: metro (Faidherbe Chaligny, Bastille), bus  - Grocery shopping: street market everyday (except on Monday),  - Excellent restaurants such as L’Ebauchoir ((website hidden)), Le Bistro Paul Bert (18 rue Paul Bert), Le Square Trousseau ((website hidden)), and Bars  - Fantastic patisseries  - Fabulous shopping (Isabelle Marant, Merci, Le Marais...) The place is fantastic, the location is fabulous so no need to look elsewhere, you found your home in Paris! Hope to hear from you soon.	Clean, bright, this cozy apartment (38 m2) is at the heart of Paris.The apartment is well located and only few minutes’ walk from Shops, Restaurants and Bars which make this area such an attractive and fun place to stay. apartment decorated with taste, ideally located in the heart of the 11eme neighborhood, within near Bastille and Le Marais, very quiet. This is your perfect Parisian “pied-à-terre” for an immersion in the parisian bourgeois bohemian life. You will love it!  The apartment is fully furnished and equipped with Nespresso machine, an oven,washing machine flat screen TV, iron & ironing board, and Wifi.  Everything is within few steps:  - Transportations: metro (Faidherbe Chaligny, Bastille), bus  - Grocery shopping: street market everyday (except on Monday),  - Excellent restaurants such as L’Ebauchoir ((website hidden)), Le Bistro Paul Bert (18 rue Paul Bert), Le Square Trousseau ((website hidden)), and Bars  - Fantastic patisseries  - Fabulous shopping (Isabelle Marant, Me
28616	Lovely 1 bedroom flat, it's really nice and cosy. You can enjoy the long sunset, and the quiet building and neighbors.	"Sunny apartment near Bastille, in the trendy Faidherbe-Chaligny area. 32 square metres Lovely 1 bedroom flat, it's really nice and cosy. You can enjoy the long sunset, and the quiet building and neighbors. You can use the bike garage in the courtyard of the building. I can easily be reached on my cell phone A unique location for food lovers ! The apartment is situated below Nation, near Faidherbe Chaligny and Charonne, in a little ""passage"" crossing the Faubourg Saint-Antoine. The Neighborhood has become a dining destination, with two of the best restaurants in Paris (Clamato and Septime in the same street, rue de Charonne).  New cocktail bars opened recently (Lone Palm) and in the summer time there is nothing like the ""Bois de Vincennes"", one of the biggest park in Paris, there you can find a zoo, a lake and some fancy restaurants and night clubs (Chalet de Iles). For more details you can check the guide i made. Near several metro lines (8, 1, 9, 3, 6)  Nation, Faidherbe-Chaligny, Rue"
28617	Large modern apartment of 90 square meters conveniently on the 3 floor, located in the center of Paris near place Bastille. Close to metro lines 1, 5 and 8. Located 10 minutes walk from the Place des Vosges.  There are many supermarkets, restaurant, Pub. 3 bedrooms     1 double room     2 bedrooms with 1 single bed and a Living room with 2 folding beds. It is possible to ask a Baby Travel Cot 2  bathrooms :     1 bathroom with private bath.     1 bathroom with shower 1 kitchen with microwaves , one washer dryer, dishwasher, electric oven. Lift Cable tv, hight speed Internet Towels and sheets are provided.	Apartment with 3 independent bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. Many subway lines are nearby. The recent apartment with all modern comforts. Large modern apartment of 90 square meters conveniently on the 3 floor, located in the center of Paris near place Bastille. Close to metro lines 1, 5 and 8. Located 10 minutes walk from the Place des Vosges.  There are many supermarkets, restaurant, Pub. 3 bedrooms     1 double room     2 bedrooms with 1 single bed and a Living room with 2 folding beds. It is possible to ask a Baby Travel Cot 2  bathrooms :     1 bathroom with private bath.     1 bathroom with shower 1 kitchen with microwaves , one washer dryer, dishwasher, electric oven. Lift Cable tv, hight speed Internet Towels and sheets are provided.
28618	Agréable et bien situé	Loft, duplex situé dans le XIè Arrondissement près de Bastille. Idéal pour une famille. Une chambre en mezzanine, une chambre enfant et un canapé lit dans le salon.RDC, 4m30 de hauteur sous plafond, une grande salle de bain dans un quartier agréable. Agréable et bien situé Familial, central (Bastille, Belleville, République) Métro, vélib, gare...
28619	Deux-pièces de 25m2 situé rue de Charonne, au coeur du 11ème ! Station métro Charonne à 2 mn, 10 mn à pied de Bastille et Nation. Capacité deux personnes. Donne sur cour, double vitrage, très calme. Grande co-propriété calme avec gardien.    Appartement confortable, au calme mais dans un quartier animé et convivial. Chambre séparée. Cuisine équipée (micro-ondes, four, frigo, plaques à inductions etc.)  Wifi, cuisine équipée à votre disposition, double vitrage, serviettes/gel douche/shampoing à disposition, espace dans l'armoire pour ranger vos vêtements. Quartier animé et convivial.  En bas de l'immeuble : boulangeries, boucheries, supermarchés, bars, restaurants, tabac ... Marché d'Alligre à 10 mn à pied. Quartier Bastille très animé à 5 mn. Nombreuses boutiques pour le shopping Faubourg St-Antoine, et boutiques plus pointues quelques mètres plus bas rue de Charonne. À 2 mn de la station de métro Charonne. Plusieurs bornes de Velib' à proximité. Cimetière Père Lachaise à 10mn à pied. 	Deux-pièces. Surface 25m². Rue de Charonne, au cœur du 11ème. Station métro Charonne à 2 mn. Plusieurs arrêts bus. 10mn à pied de Bastille, Nation, Père Lachaise. Capacité deux personnes. Donne sur cour, double vitrage. Grande co-propriété sécurisée calme avec gardiens. Deux-pièces de 25m2 situé rue de Charonne, au coeur du 11ème ! Station métro Charonne à 2 mn, 10 mn à pied de Bastille et Nation. Capacité deux personnes. Donne sur cour, double vitrage, très calme. Grande co-propriété calme avec gardien.    Appartement confortable, au calme mais dans un quartier animé et convivial. Chambre séparée. Cuisine équipée (micro-ondes, four, frigo, plaques à inductions etc.)  Wifi, cuisine équipée à votre disposition, double vitrage, serviettes/gel douche/shampoing à disposition, espace dans l'armoire pour ranger vos vêtements. Quartier animé et convivial.  En bas de l'immeuble : boulangeries, boucheries, supermarchés, bars, restaurants, tabac ... Marché d'Alligre à 10 mn à pied. Quartier Bast
28620	I  rent my 30m2 apartment.	Nice quiet apartment located at the metro station Voltaire. Near Republique, Belleville, Mesnilmontant, Père Lachaise. Two minutes from the subway. Particularly considerate and friendly host. I  rent my 30m2 apartment.
28621	Located on the 6th floor (no elevator but small floors!) with stunning views of the roofs of Paris, this studio is very luminous. The attic, arranged in cozy bedroom also feature a skylight. In case of exceptional high heat, large Dyson fan-shaped candy Polo awaits you;) If you are 4, the sofa bed opens in 1 second and will offer a real mattress 'Matelsom'.	Ideally located at Republic, served by lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11, near the Marais and the Canal St Martin, beautiful studio 30m2 + attic! View over the roofs of Paris (6th floor/last floor). Sleeps 4 people max: 1 real bed in attic + a sofa bed. Located on the 6th floor (no elevator but small floors!) with stunning views of the roofs of Paris, this studio is very luminous. The attic, arranged in cozy bedroom also feature a skylight. In case of exceptional high heat, large Dyson fan-shaped candy Polo awaits you;) If you are 4, the sofa bed opens in 1 second and will offer a real mattress 'Matelsom'. Full apartment. You will be welcomed on departure and arrival, and will have a phone number for any questions during your stay. Located in a quiet street, 2 steps from the lively Place de la République. Completely refurbished in 2013, it is a place that now hosts free concerts and events regularly throughout the year. It is a central location where you can get anywhere very easily! Close to th
28622	very quiet with large balcony, all commodities easely accessible, easy transportation access, parking available .	"5th floor of a quiet residence , double bed + large sofa , large balcony, separate fully equiped kitchen , large bathroom with tub , close to shops and the metro. Comfort, quiet and proximity all together. very quiet with large balcony, all commodities easely accessible, easy transportation access, parking available . Entire apartment , 1 double bed and just in case of need a large sofa bed for 2 more guests sms or phone  lots of typical bars and easy metro access. line 9 ""rue des boulets"" and line 2 ""alexandre dumas"" 3' on foot"
28623	MINIMUM 3 NIGHT STAY I'm renting my 36 sq meters apartment in Paris, located in the 11th district, 5 minutes walking distance from the Père Lachaise cemetery. The apartment is at the ground floor (overlooking the courtyard) in a very quiet and secured building.  There is a private garden with a terrace. The apartment has been renovated and is very clean and can take 3 people. Parking in the building is possible. - The bedroom is very comfortable with a queen-size bed (sheets and towels are supplied).  - In the living room, you have a sofa for one person . You can enjoy the flat screen and more than 200 channels, the WIFI, Internet connection and a quality sound system. - The kitchen is fully equipped: a fridge, freezer, oven, Nespresso, kettle, microwaves, stove, dish-washer, washing machine, etc.... - The exotic bathroom is equiped with the bathtub. Toilettes are separated. Local shops are within 2-minute walk : supermatket, pharmacy, bakery, grocery... The nearby metro stations are: 	A lovely and sunny courtyard inside Paris as country side  Cosy romantic place with modern appliances, comfortable bed, big bath with good pressure, safe and quiet building in a trendy area Very close to the metro station and bus lines who takes everywhere directly ( Montmartre, Eiffel Tower, Champs Élysées ...) MINIMUM 3 NIGHT STAY I'm renting my 36 sq meters apartment in Paris, located in the 11th district, 5 minutes walking distance from the Père Lachaise cemetery. The apartment is at the ground floor (overlooking the courtyard) in a very quiet and secured building.  There is a private garden with a terrace. The apartment has been renovated and is very clean and can take 3 people. Parking in the building is possible. - The bedroom is very comfortable with a queen-size bed (sheets and towels are supplied).  - In the living room, you have a sofa for one person . You can enjoy the flat screen and more than 200 channels, the WIFI, Internet connection and a quality sound system. - The ki
28624	This apartment is located in the heart of Paris between PLACE DE LA REPUBLIQUE and PLACE DE La BASTILLE, at 5mn walk from the MARAIS (Oberkampf). Very lively aera, with a lot of shops (a market each Tuesday and Friday, backeries, butcher's shops, subways (L.9,5,8) and buses next to the building entrance) and excellent shopping in Le Marais (Zadig et Voltaire, Bash, Sandro, Comptoir des cotonniers...)! Friendly local bars and restaurants as well. The flat is on the 5th floor (no elevator), and is very calm and bright (4 windows). It's a cozy place. A large living room with a balcony over-looking typical Parisian rooftops! - Flatscreen TV and cable channels, DVD, ipod player, stereo - Free Internet-WIFI - Books, videos and music!!! There are two double beds that can be pushed together into one Queen-size bed or used separately and a large wardrobe. Household linens supplied Well-equipped kitchen : microwave, oven, electric range, fridge, kettle, coffee maker, Blender A Bathroom : Bath, w	This apartment is located in the heart of Paris between PLACE DE LA REPUBLIQUE and PLACE DE La BASTILLE, at 5mn walk from the MARAIS (Oberkampf). Very lively aera, with a lot of shops (a market each Tuesday and Friday, backeries, butcher's shops, subways (L.9,5,8) and buses next to the building entrance) and excellent shopping in Le Marais (Zadig et Voltaire, Bash, Sandro, Comptoir des cotonniers...)! Friendly local bars and restaurants as well. The flat is on the 5th floor (no elevator), and is very calm and bright (4 windows). It's a cozy place. A large living room with a balcony over-looking typical Parisian rooftops! - Flatscreen TV and cable channels, DVD, ipod player, stereo - Free Internet-WIFI - Books, videos and music!!! There are two double beds that can be pushed together into one Queen-size bed or used separately and a large wardrobe. Household linens supplied Well-equipped kitchen : microwave, oven, electric range, fridge, kettle, coffee maker, Blender A Bathroom : Bath, w
28625	"It is a truly outstanding space inside and out, offering an elegant panoramic view of the city from it's floor-to-ceiling windows or from the lush and generous terrace that wraps around the apartment.  The apartment's beauty is even merited in Taschen's latest ""Interiors"" design book.   Now this Parisian gem is available to rent for the first time ever, exclusively on Airbnb for short term or medium term rentals. Available here are all the amenities one could possibly ask for: Linen and towels provided, elevator, wifi, wireless music-streaming, HD movie-projector, remote-controlled window shutters, dishwasher, oven, washer, luxurious, oversized rainshower head in the spacious marbled shower, blow dryer, elevator. To stay here will definitely be an unforgettable experience!  The only problem may be that you will have a hard time ever leaving your terrace ;) Let me know if you have any other questions.  I will be happy to answer them and will do so very fast. Kind regards, Justin "	"This absolutely unique and experimental 40 m2 apartment is the result of a beautiful collaboration of a renowned fashion designer/artist and a team of Berlin architects. Please click left and right above to see all images. It is a truly outstanding space inside and out, offering an elegant panoramic view of the city from it's floor-to-ceiling windows or from the lush and generous terrace that wraps around the apartment.  The apartment's beauty is even merited in Taschen's latest ""Interiors"" design book.   Now this Parisian gem is available to rent for the first time ever, exclusively on Airbnb for short term or medium term rentals. Available here are all the amenities one could possibly ask for: Linen and towels provided, elevator, wifi, wireless music-streaming, HD movie-projector, remote-controlled window shutters, dishwasher, oven, washer, luxurious, oversized rainshower head in the spacious marbled shower, blow dryer, elevator. To stay here will definitely be an unforgettable exper"
28626	L'appartement se situe à 2 pas des quartiers animés, mais dans une rue calme et tranquille.	2 pièces calme à 2 pas du métro. Quartier animé avec de nombreux restaurants et commerces.  Chambre avec lit double.  Salon avec clic-clac. Cuisine équipée, avec lave-linge et four Vu sur cour privée Borne Vélib, bus, taxis. Métro : 9-2 L'appartement se situe à 2 pas des quartiers animés, mais dans une rue calme et tranquille. Situé à 1 minute à pied du métro et à : - 1 min d'une station de vélib' (x4 dans le quartier) - 20 minutes à pied du Marais - 15 min à pied de la Place de La République - 5 min à pied du Père Lachaise - 10 min à pied de la Place de la Bastille Appartement située dans une rue calme et tranquille avec tous commerces à proximité pour une vraie vie de quartier : La Poste Simply Market Franprix Boulangerie Boucherie Fromager Poissonnier Maraîcher A 2 pas de tous les bars sympas de la rue de La Roquette Pas très loin, vous pourrez découvrir le fameux restaurant thaïlandais, Le Blue Elephant* Métro ligne 9 / Voltaire Métro ligne 2 / Père Lachaise ou Philippe Auguste
28627	En plein coeur de Ménilmontant, le logement à une grande terrasse. Au matin, en journée au soleil, pour veiller le soir, vous y passerez de bons moments. Logement agréable et très calme. Au rez-de-chaussée : - Chambre isolée, aucun bruit  - WC & évier d'appoint À l'étage : - Cuisine équipée frigidaire/congélateur, plaques électriques, four, Micro-ondes, Grille pain, bouilloire - Salle de bain avec baignoire - Petit salon cosy, canapé, table basse, fauteuil-club - Accès sur la terrasse avec transats, table et chaises	Duplex de 38 m2 avec une grande terrasse au coeur de Ménilmontant, vous passerez un séjour authentique, original et reposant. Accès à un parking privé. À 1 minute du Métro, Bus et d'Oberkampf, l'un des meilleurs quartier de Paris. En plein coeur de Ménilmontant, le logement à une grande terrasse. Au matin, en journée au soleil, pour veiller le soir, vous y passerez de bons moments. Logement agréable et très calme. Au rez-de-chaussée : - Chambre isolée, aucun bruit  - WC & évier d'appoint À l'étage : - Cuisine équipée frigidaire/congélateur, plaques électriques, four, Micro-ondes, Grille pain, bouilloire - Salle de bain avec baignoire - Petit salon cosy, canapé, table basse, fauteuil-club - Accès sur la terrasse avec transats, table et chaises Parking privé en sous-sol  dans ma résidence. Accès avec un Bip. Ménilmontant a une localisation parfaite, entre le Sacré-Coeur/Montmartre et le Cimetière du Père-Lachaise, situé sur la ligne 2 du métro. La rue Oberkampf, à 1 minute à pied, jouit 
28628	Séjour sept jours minimum caution (200€) location: plus d'un mois, électricité en sus (100€) Check in avant 8h (50€) Check out après 21h (50€) Dimanche et jours fériés (50€) Prestation de nettoyage (60€)	Situé en plein coeur du quartier Bastille, très beau studio refait à neuf, bel immeuble contemporain, patio. Opéra Bastille, place des Vosges, Saint Paul, le Marais, et nombreux musées à proximité. Quartier branché, très prisé, très bien desservi.  Séjour sept jours minimum caution (200€) location: plus d'un mois, électricité en sus (100€) Check in avant 8h (50€) Check out après 21h (50€) Dimanche et jours fériés (50€) Prestation de nettoyage (60€) Séjour sept jours minimum caution (200€) location: plus d'un mois, électricité en sus (100€) Check in avant 8h (50€) Check out après 21h (50€) Dimanche et jours fériés (50€) 
28629		Appartement au 6 ème étage, sécurisé, calme sur cour. Chambre pour 2 personnes avec rangements (linge de maison inclus) très confortable est idéalement situé pour visiter et découvrir Paris. Il se trouve à proximité immédiate des transports en commun. ( 1 minute, M. Charonne, 10 minutes M. Bastille ). Salon ( avec internet ) donnant sur cuisine équipée (machine à laver, micro-onde, frigo.) Salle de bain avec WC. Commerces à proximités (boulangeries, supermarchés, bars, restaurants...) Apartment in the peace on court of the 6 floor with closenesses M. Charonne and M. Bastille. 1 room for 2 persons with arrangements.Lounge with internet.Fully-equipped kitchen (washing, microwave, refrigerator). Bathroom with toilets. closenesses (bakeries, supermarkets, bars) 
28630	This is my little room that I'm subletting while away on summer holidays: 10 days in June and a week in August. It's a shared appartement with three bedrooms: there will be one main and usual habitant living in the room nr 1, plus one or two other airbnb guests in the other rooms. These are nusual settings due to summer vacations  :)	I'm leaving on holidays myself and subletting my room in a shared appartement :) This is my little room that I'm subletting while away on summer holidays: 10 days in June and a week in August. It's a shared appartement with three bedrooms: there will be one main and usual habitant living in the room nr 1, plus one or two other airbnb guests in the other rooms. These are nusual settings due to summer vacations  :)
28631	Tout équipé, notre appartement a récemment été refait à neuf. Nous aimons beaucoup la déco, nous avons donc fait en sorte que notre appartement soit joliment décoré plutôt dans un style ancien parisien et industriel.	Dans rue calme, appart refait à neuf, beaucoup de cachet avec briques apparentes et déco soignée, quartier hyper central et animé (700m Place Bastille, 700m Places des Vosges). Idéal pour découvrir la capitale dans un appart typiquement parisien! Tout équipé, notre appartement a récemment été refait à neuf. Nous aimons beaucoup la déco, nous avons donc fait en sorte que notre appartement soit joliment décoré plutôt dans un style ancien parisien et industriel. Nous habitons au premier étage, l'accès à l'appartement est très facile. Nous sommes situés à 900m de la gare de Lyon, et les stations de métro Bréguet-Sabin ligne orange 5/Saint Sébastien Froissart et Chemin Vert ligne mauve 8 sont juste à côté. C'est avec plaisir que nous pourrons partager les adresses sympas du quartier L'appartement est situé à la frontière des quartiers de Bastille et du Marais. Bastille, idéal pour sortir et se divertir, Le Marais idéal pour faire du shopping en faisant des pauses dans des petits jardins mag
28632	The main room is very sunny and it include all the necessity to have a pleasant stay. The localization is ideal to discover Paris and  it's situated in a quiet side street in the middle of a lively and typically Parisian area.	"Beautiful studio, 25m2, fully equipped, ideally located for visiting Paris. Close to the famous Place de la Bastille, but also from ""Republique"" and ""Nation"". Quiet street. The main room is very sunny and it include all the necessity to have a pleasant stay. The localization is ideal to discover Paris and  it's situated in a quiet side street in the middle of a lively and typically Parisian area. There is a sofa-bed, a coffee table, a table with 2 chairs and an desk. An equipped kitchen, a washing machine and a bathroom with shower and toilets. A TV and an access to Internet. There is also a bookcase with numerous books (in french !). I live in Paris so I can answer the questions of the travelers and help them Situated ideally, close to ""Place de la Bastille"", not far from the lively area of Republic and Nation. The district is very nice and typically Parisian. You will find coffees and good restaurants there. The street  is very quiet. Metro Charonne Ligne 9"
28633	A step away from Charonne metro station - Dead end so noisefree - Old convent - 45m² beautifully decorated - Separated bedroom - American kitche fully equiped - Spacious bathroom and toilets - Wifi Ideal situation for a couple, take advantage of a stylish place, well balanced with a high roof, clean and calm. But you're in Paris, so go out! The neighborhood perfectly mix historic charm of the authentic Paris and young, trendy, cool atmosphere of the 11th, 10th and 3rd district. Find delicious restaurant (Septime, Bones, Paris-Hanoi...), lovely stores (So We Are, M&W Shift...) and galleries with various styles (L'Attrape Rêve, Open Space, Lavignes...). Proximity with strategic issues (Charonne, Voltaire, Faidherbe-Challigny, Ledru-Rollin) give you acces to multiple transports (metro, bus, velib). Enjoy!	En plein coeur du 11ème arrondissement, profitez d'un appartement neuf, calme et décoré avec soin... Idéal pour un couple!! A step away from Charonne metro station - Dead end so noisefree - Old convent - 45m² beautifully decorated - Separated bedroom - American kitche fully equiped - Spacious bathroom and toilets - Wifi Ideal situation for a couple, take advantage of a stylish place, well balanced with a high roof, clean and calm. But you're in Paris, so go out! The neighborhood perfectly mix historic charm of the authentic Paris and young, trendy, cool atmosphere of the 11th, 10th and 3rd district. Find delicious restaurant (Septime, Bones, Paris-Hanoi...), lovely stores (So We Are, M&W Shift...) and galleries with various styles (L'Attrape Rêve, Open Space, Lavignes...). Proximity with strategic issues (Charonne, Voltaire, Faidherbe-Challigny, Ledru-Rollin) give you acces to multiple transports (metro, bus, velib). Enjoy!
28634	il n est pas cher pour le standing proposé	bienvenue dans mon deux pièces de  56 m2  3eme étage,trés bel immeuble gardienne , ascenseur , 5 minutes du MARAIS  très clair et calme tout équipé idéal pour 3/4 personnes grande entrée cuisine  équipée séparée  belle salle de bain vous adorerez... il n est pas cher pour le standing proposé quartier très sympa a deux pas du square des vosges avec marches typiques par le metro richard lenoir saint sebastien froissard ou par saint ambroise
28635	You'll enjoy this bright and quiet studio for its location and commodities (fully equipped kitchen, Samsung TV screen with international channels, illimited Wifi connexion). The studio can hosts up to 5 persons. Ideal for families.  Ce studio calme et lumineux est entièrement équipé (cuisine équipée, télévision home-cinema Samsung, connexion Wifi illimitée).  Le studio peut accueillir jusqu'à 5 personnes grâce à ses 2 lits 2 personnes en mezzanine et son canapé-lit.	Hi ! We welcome you in this calm and central studio ideally located in République square: the historical Marais quarter and lively Canal St-Martin are at walking distance. The studio hosts up to 5 persons (2 beds for 2 in mezzanine + 1 sofa). You'll enjoy this bright and quiet studio for its location and commodities (fully equipped kitchen, Samsung TV screen with international channels, illimited Wifi connexion). The studio can hosts up to 5 persons. Ideal for families.  Ce studio calme et lumineux est entièrement équipé (cuisine équipée, télévision home-cinema Samsung, connexion Wifi illimitée).  Le studio peut accueillir jusqu'à 5 personnes grâce à ses 2 lits 2 personnes en mezzanine et son canapé-lit. We can recommend you places to go out, to shop and to visit Paris. Nous pourrons vous recommander des endroits pour sortir, faire vos emplettes et visiter la ville. The studio is located in a lively and central area: you can walk to the historical quarter of Le Marais, enjoy the Canal 
28636	Welcome to our lovely apartment (50 square meters) situated on the 5th floor of a typical parisian building. The apartment is a couple minutes walk from Bastille, le Marais, Republique, le Canal Saint Martin, some of the greatest places to visit in Paris.  Location is great with the market, restaurants and bars of Bastille and Oberkampf at 5 minutes walking distance from our doorstep. The apartment has a balcony with a great view over the roofs of Paris. The apartment has been furnished to a high standard with all conveniences including: queen size bed, one convertible sofa, wifi internet, TV, washer, full kitchen & state-of-the-art home entertainment system: LCD TV, cable TV, Hi-Fi system Bed linens and bathroom towels are provided. Tube : 1, 5, 9 nearby	Welcome to our lovely apartment (50 square meters, 2 bedrooms) situated on the 5th floor of a typical parisian building. The apartement is a couple minutes walk from Bastille, le Marais, le Canal Saint Martin. It has a balcony with a nice view. Welcome to our lovely apartment (50 square meters) situated on the 5th floor of a typical parisian building. The apartment is a couple minutes walk from Bastille, le Marais, Republique, le Canal Saint Martin, some of the greatest places to visit in Paris.  Location is great with the market, restaurants and bars of Bastille and Oberkampf at 5 minutes walking distance from our doorstep. The apartment has a balcony with a great view over the roofs of Paris. The apartment has been furnished to a high standard with all conveniences including: queen size bed, one convertible sofa, wifi internet, TV, washer, full kitchen & state-of-the-art home entertainment system: LCD TV, cable TV, Hi-Fi system Bed linens and bathroom towels are provided. Tube : 1, 5
28637	Artist's flat very charming and cosy. You can travel anywhere in Paris very quickly and very easy to come back at night. Nation metro station is only 3 mins away. ( line 1,2,6 and 9, and Rer A), 5 min from the Marais and Châtelet, and 15 from Champs élysées. Supermarkets, bakery, bars and convenience stores are opposite and adjacent to the flat.:-) Appartement d'artiste cosy et charmant. Entièrement refait à neuf part un architecte d'intérieur. Salon chaleureux avec une mezzanine, cuisine aménagée séparée . A 2 min du métro Nation qui dessert les lignes 1,2,6 et 9 et le RER A. En transport en commun vous serez à 5 min du Marais et plein cœur de Paris, et 15 min des Champs Elysées.  Quartier calme, petits cafés et bars, supermarchés et supérette à proximité.	Fully refurbished by an interior designer(check out all the pictures).Nation metro station is only 3 min away.(Line 1,2,6,9 and RER A),meaning that you can travel anywhere in Paris very quickly and very easy to come back home at night.
28638	Dear guest,  Everybody know where and what is Paris Marais are :) This fashion district in Paris is just gorgeous and so trendy. This amazing flat in Marais to give you to chance have a Parisian experience. There is many convenient and nice boutiques, markets and shops close by the flat. The location is just great. you would not regret. also very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance.  - BEAUCOUP - The Blend - Neobento, Café pinson, Nanashi -Pierre Sang price per night is for 1-4 persons ( please check the special saisons prices in calendar )  There is 1 bedrooms + 1 sofabed  the price include all service and machines inside :  Washer and dryer machine, a dishes washer machine, a toaster, boiler, Coffee maker, Iron,  and fresh Linens, Sheets, towels. bus 69 to go to invalide, Musée d'orsay, saint germain, louvre, cityhall and bastille.  bus 96 to go to cityhall and ile st louis, saint germain metro saint sebastien froissard, filles du calvaire line 8and oberjkamp Line 5,9 RER	Get a free around rid for CDG from 14 nights stay ! Dear guest,  Everybody know where and what is Paris Marais are :) This fashion district in Paris is just gorgeous and so trendy. This amazing flat in Marais to give you to chance have a Parisian experience. There is many convenient and nice boutiques, markets and shops close by the flat. The location is just great. you would not regret. also very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance.  - BEAUCOUP - The Blend - Neobento, Café pinson, Nanashi -Pierre Sang price per night is for 1-4 persons ( please check the special saisons prices in calendar )  There is 1 bedrooms + 1 sofabed  the price include all service and machines inside :  Washer and dryer machine, a dishes washer machine, a toaster, boiler, Coffee maker, Iron,  and fresh Linens, Sheets, towels. bus 69 to go to invalide, Musée d'orsay, saint germain, louvre, cityhall and bastille.  bus 96 to go to cityhall and ile st louis, saint germain metro saint sebastien froissard,
28639	My apartment is a nice studio of 27 meters square. There’s a small hall and then the big room, one kitchen and a bathroom separated. The flat is on the 4th floor, so you get a really nice light all day and the windows are situated in front of a small yard so you don’t have the noises from the street. It’s pretty calm and chill. It’s wood floor and the charm of a nice parisian apartment ambiance.  Ideally situated in Bastille in a quiet street, the area is really practical, you got everything around; shops, record stores, vintage clothes stores (which are my favorites) but also regular shops to get something to eat, great restaurants, easy transportations, and it’s really central. The nearest metro is Bastille, so you got plenty of metro lines. And a nice opera on the big place. I think it’s a perfect apartment for a couple or someone alone who wants to discover Paris	My apartment is a nice studio of 27 meters square, wooden floor, a nice light all over the day, and really quiet environment although really well located. The Bastille area is really convenient, and the appartment itself comfortable and nice. My apartment is a nice studio of 27 meters square. There’s a small hall and then the big room, one kitchen and a bathroom separated. The flat is on the 4th floor, so you get a really nice light all day and the windows are situated in front of a small yard so you don’t have the noises from the street. It’s pretty calm and chill. It’s wood floor and the charm of a nice parisian apartment ambiance.  Ideally situated in Bastille in a quiet street, the area is really practical, you got everything around; shops, record stores, vintage clothes stores (which are my favorites) but also regular shops to get something to eat, great restaurants, easy transportations, and it’s really central. The nearest metro is Bastille, so you got plenty of metro lines. And
28640	Lovely studio near république and Marais, canal Saint- Martin. This studio seduce by its distribution and decoration. Facing south, with vieuw on the top of the Parisians roofs. ( 6th without lift/elevator). You can take a jacuzzi bath, and see stars in the sky. This Studio is strategic situation, in center of the city. You can do everything by step, ( 2mn Canal Saint-Martin,7mn Marais, 15mn Bastille, and beaubourg /Chatelet -les halles and 20mn Notre-Dames. There is a lot of restaurants and lovely bars. Ideal for 2 persons. 	Lovely studio near république and Marais, canal Saint- Martin. This studio seduce by its distribution and decoration. Facing south, with vieuw on the top of the Parisians roofs. ( 6th without lift/elevator). You can take a jacuzzi bath, and see stars in the sky. This Studio is strategic situation, in center of the city. You can do everything by step, ( 2mn Canal Saint-Martin,7mn Marais, 15mn Bastille, and beaubourg /Chatelet -les halles and 20mn Notre-Dames. There is a lot of restaurants and lovely bars. Ideal for 2 persons. There is wifi, tv cable, bath with jaccuzi, view. I can give you a lot of informations to have a very good trip in Paris.
28641	Appartement de type Haussmannien de 50 m2, lumineux & cosy (1er étage) idéalement situé au cœur de Paris à 5 minutes à pied du Marais, du Canal St Martin et du Cimetière Père Lachaise. Grande chambre très calme. Séjour avec possibilités de couchage. Cuisine fonctionnelle : Lave-vaisselle, plaque à induction, machine à expresso Télévision & Wi-fi Laverie à deux pas. Quartier très animé avec des commerces ouvert très tard et de nombreux bars/restaurants (Pierre Sang, Le Charbon, Les deux Amis, Nouveau Casino, Bataclan, boutique Mode-Décoration MERCI) 85€ la nuit pour un séjour minimum de 3 nuits 540€ la semaine Fumeurs & Animaux acceptés. 	Appartement de type Haussmannien de 50 m2, lumineux & cosy (1er étage) idéalement situé au cœur de Paris à 5 minutes à pied du Marais, du Canal St Martin et du Cimetière Père Lachaise. Grande chambre très calme. Séjour avec possibilités de couchage. Cuisine fonctionnelle : Lave-vaisselle, plaque à induction, machine à expresso Télévision & Wi-fi Laverie à deux pas. Quartier très animé avec des commerces ouvert très tard et de nombreux bars/restaurants (Pierre Sang, Le Charbon, Les deux Amis, Nouveau Casino, Bataclan, boutique Mode-Décoration MERCI) 85€ la nuit pour un séjour minimum de 3 nuits 540€ la semaine Fumeurs & Animaux acceptés.  Lave vaisselle, plaque à induction, machine expresso, télévision, wi-fi L'appartement est entièrement laissé à la disposition des voyageurs. La rue Oberkampf est une rue animée, et pleine de petits restaurants et bars très sympas.  Au cœur de Paris avec tout commerces à proximité à pied : laveries, boulangeries, cavistes, maraîchers, supermarchés, phar
28642	This is a large flatshare. We often welcome people from all around the world to stay in the flat for a few month for internships, semesters abroad, etc. The flat is a really sunny 130m2 (1400 sq ft) appartment with 4 separate double bedrooms (including yours) with large commun areas (2 large living rooms).	Room available with a Queen size bed in a 4 bedroom young and international flatshare. Clean and tidy flat with large common areas (2 living rooms) where you are welcome to fell like home. Perfect location!
28643	Charmant appartement de 3 pièces au cœur du 11ème arrondissement, entre Bastille, le Marais, Oberkampf et République. Situé au quatrième étage d’un immeuble ancien, dans une rue calme, il est très lumineux et ensoleillé et les fenêtres donnent sur un magnifique jardin, square typiquement parisien. *** Charming 3 rooms-flat in the heart of the 11th arrondissement, between Bastille, le Marais, Oberkampf and République. Situated on the 4th floor of an old building in a quiet street, the flat is very bright, sunny, and overlooks a pretty and typical parisian park!  	Bel appartement au coeur du XIème, calme et lumineux, en face d'un magnifique square parisien.  2 chambres, un grand salon. Quartier branché, central et animé.  Restaurants, bars et commerces.   Bien desservi par les transports en commun. Charmant appartement de 3 pièces au cœur du 11ème arrondissement, entre Bastille, le Marais, Oberkampf et République. Situé au quatrième étage d’un immeuble ancien, dans une rue calme, il est très lumineux et ensoleillé et les fenêtres donnent sur un magnifique jardin, square typiquement parisien. *** Charming 3 rooms-flat in the heart of the 11th arrondissement, between Bastille, le Marais, Oberkampf and République. Situated on the 4th floor of an old building in a quiet street, the flat is very bright, sunny, and overlooks a pretty and typical parisian park!  L’appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes pour des séjours de 2 jours à 1 mois. Il se compose de deux chambres (14 et 16m2) avec lit double et d'un grand salon (23m2) avec un canapé confortable
28644	Lumineux et rénové récemment (donc mieux que les photos). Fenêtre sur cour et sur rue. Pièce principale séparé par une bibliothèque penderie : un côté salon/bibliothèque et un côté chambre/bureau. Une cuisine séparé avec tout le nécessaire et une salle de bain confortable. Immeuble calme, digicode à l'entrée.	In the heart of Paris, near Bastille, République, Le Marais. Bright appartement, 25m2,  kitchen and bathroom equipped. Very well served by public transport, near subway, lines 1,3,5,8,9 + RER A (10min max on foot). 
28645		Recently renovated appartment on the last floor of a 7 story 1920's building. Full of light even in the winter. 45 square meters. 
28646	Récemment rénové avec gout, un studio cosy avec un charmant petit balcon qui surplombe la capitale!	Un petit nid d'aigle parfaitement agencé pour rendre votre séjour inoubliable Récemment rénové avec gout, un studio cosy avec un charmant petit balcon qui surplombe la capitale! Un quartier branché situe rive droite, entre Nation, République et Bastille. Autrefois quartier ouvrier aujourd'hui arrondissement très animé avec la place de la bastille et les bars des rues oberkampt et de la lappe. L'appartement se situe entre les stations de métro St maur(à 365m) et père lachaise(300m). On est sur la ligne 3 qui dessert aussi le quartier des grands magasins.
28647	"Large double bed room with private access to the balcony. Typical French ""Haussman"" flat (750sqf) at the 5th floor (no elevator). Featuring an upscale parisian style (high ceiling with moldings, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and 3 large fireplaces). You have shelves and a table for you laptop. Great view on St Ambroise church and it's green square. The Balcony is just big enough to enjoy a sunny Apéritif in the evening.  We'll be sharing the flat. In the main room, there is a sofa bed, broadband WiFi access, a TV and phone with free unlimited calls to 70 countries, lots of beautiful photo & fashion books. This apartment also includes: a washing machine, double glazing, ironing equipment, hairdryer, bed linens and towels, TV/CD/DVD/cable channels.  The location is great - up and coming bars and restaurant are within 10 minutes walk : Le Marais, Bastille, Oberkampf. Time out has just posted a guide of this area !  As a Paris correspondant to London blog (website hidden), I have al"	"Large double bed room with private access to the balcony. Typical French ""Haussman"" flat (750sqf) at the 5th floor (no elevator). Featuring an upscale parisian style (high ceiling with moldings, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and 3 large fireplaces). You have shelves and a table for you laptop. Great view on St Ambroise church and it's green square. The Balcony is just big enough to enjoy a sunny Apéritif in the evening.  We'll be sharing the flat. In the main room, there is a sofa bed, broadband WiFi access, a TV and phone with free unlimited calls to 70 countries, lots of beautiful photo & fashion books. This apartment also includes: a washing machine, double glazing, ironing equipment, hairdryer, bed linens and towels, TV/CD/DVD/cable channels.  The location is great - up and coming bars and restaurant are within 10 minutes walk : Le Marais, Bastille, Oberkampf. Time out has just posted a guide of this area !  As a Paris correspondant to London blog (website hidden), I have al"
28648	OUR APARTMENT It's located in the 1st floor in a small 2 floors building only. At the end of a very quiet alley , walk on  small paved and flowery private yard. The apartment, completely renewed at the end of 2012, is a mixture of furniture mocked in secondhand trades and design.  - An entrance  with door coat and piece of furniture for shoes - An American kitchen full equipment  (oven, microwave, refrigerator, ceramic cooktop, dishwasher, all the useful tools to cook!). A  pleasant bar  separate the kitchen of the lounge , leaving you the pleasure to take a glass or a fast meal. - A lounge / dining room: sofa, armchair, coffee table, flat TV screen, system of surrounding speakers,design table for romantic dinner,  library, ampli for IPhone with jack plug.  Oriented South and with view  into the yard, this space is very pleasant to relax after a hard day of visit or simply cook to take advantage of a dinner at home. - A room : very quiet (double glazing - no noises), equipped with a do	Get charmed  by our lovely and quiet apartment right in the heart of Paris. A large surface of 47 m2 with kitchen opened on a cosy lounge and a dining room. It's also benefits from a spacious room  with dressing and king size bed. OUR APARTMENT It's located in the 1st floor in a small 2 floors building only. At the end of a very quiet alley , walk on  small paved and flowery private yard. The apartment, completely renewed at the end of 2012, is a mixture of furniture mocked in secondhand trades and design.  - An entrance  with door coat and piece of furniture for shoes - An American kitchen full equipment  (oven, microwave, refrigerator, ceramic cooktop, dishwasher, all the useful tools to cook!). A  pleasant bar  separate the kitchen of the lounge , leaving you the pleasure to take a glass or a fast meal. - A lounge / dining room: sofa, armchair, coffee table, flat TV screen, system of surrounding speakers,design table for romantic dinner,  library, ampli for IPhone with jack plug.  O
28649	Fully renovated in November 2013.  Brand new furniture and kitchen equipment.  Internet access with very high speed.   Apartment with balcony overlooking onto the quiet and nice garden .  	60 m2 apt. (1 bedroom w/ bright living room & well equipped kitchen) with indoor car park. Next to Pere Lachaise; Bastille & Marais (15 minutes) . Ideal for a business person or a couple.  Philippe Auguste Metro (line 2). Bus 76, 69 and 61. Fully renovated in November 2013.  Brand new furniture and kitchen equipment.  Internet access with very high speed.   Apartment with balcony overlooking onto the quiet and nice garden .   You'll have access of the apartment in its entirety during your stay.  Car parking is indoor, safe and is free of charge during your stay.  Bed linen, towels, shampoo and soap are provided.   Our special bed mattress is  a queen-size TEMPUR®  brand.  It's made for couples with different needs or the one who sleeps warm by adapting to your temperature, weight and shape to create customized comfort and support. Basic cooking products like oil, salt, sugar, spices, etc are available in the kitchen cabinet for you to use.  We also have Nespresso machine for coffee, Bo
28650	We are renting our 100sqm appartment, 6th floor, elevator. The place has 4 rooms, a huge living room and open kitchen, and over 45 sqm of terraces with a gorgeous view over Paris, down to the Eiffel Tower & the Sacré Coeur.	We are renting our 100sqm appartment, 6th floor, elevator. The place has 4 rooms, a huge living room and open kitchen, and over 45 sqm of terraces with a gorgeous view over Paris, down to the Eiffel Tower & the Sacré Coeur. We are renting our 100sqm appartment, 6th floor, elevator. The place has 4 rooms, a huge living room and open kitchen, and over 45 sqm of terraces with a gorgeous view over Paris, down to the Eiffel Tower & the Sacré Coeur. We very much enjoy the parks and gardens around our place. An public swimming pool is open near by (XXX) all summer and 2 bus (56-86) are taking you to the Bois de Vincennes in 20 minutes for picnics. Our neighbourhood is calm and lively at the same time with up to 3 metros station close by: Charonne, Boulets, Faidherbe Chaligny and walking distance from place de la Bastille, place de la Nation (RER metropolitan train station) and Gare de Lyon (Southern france train station). Nous mettons à disposition tout notre matériel pour enfant : table à la
28651		Appartement de 50m2 avec une terrasse de 11m2 qui vous fera profiter du beau temps tout l'été. Situé à 2min de la place de la République & du Marais, et au coeur du Quartier Oberkampf, un lieu très vivant pour la vie nocturne
28652	Very well located. Close to Bastille, République, Père Lachaise, Le Marais. The flat is nice and you will feel like at home 4 floor	"Nice furnished flat, all renovated. 5 minutes walk to Bastille and ""Père Lachaise"" cemetery. Close to the subway Voltaire (line 9). Two rooms, one bed for two people and one sofa bed Very well located. Close to Bastille, République, Père Lachaise, Le Marais. The flat is nice and you will feel like at home 4 floor You can get 15% free for Wine Tasting at Ô Chateau or 1 free glass of wine with a booking at restaurant  (website hidden) You can send me directly an email to book I will be here to give you the keys. I can answer to your questions and give you any advice you need Very nice neighborhood in the heart of Paris. Many shops (wine seller, cheese shop...). Very easy to get there. Voltaire ligne 9 : 1 minute Pere Lachaise lignes 2 et 3: 5 minutes Bastille lignes 5, 8 et 1: 10 minutes Bus: 46, 69, 61  If you need so, I can buy breakfast or some foods (on demand and with extra cost) during the summer i rent 1 week minimum"
28653	Appartement refait entièrement a neuf, possibilité 4 couchages ( canapé convertible et lit en mezzanine en pièce séparée) en rez de chaussée sur cour dans le quartier branché de la rue de la Roquette entre le Père Lachaise et Bastille le Marais, nombreux commerces a proximité immédiate, cuisine entièrement equipé, salle de bain avec douche a l italienne et toilette séparé télèvision ecran plat cablée, réseau wifi	Jolie 2 pièces en plein cœur de Paris,proche Marais et Père Lachaise, appartement entièrement refait à neuf pouvant accueillir 4 personnes (un lit double + un lit double en mezzanine), entièrement équipe et très confortable. Appartement refait entièrement a neuf, possibilité 4 couchages ( canapé convertible et lit en mezzanine en pièce séparée) en rez de chaussée sur cour dans le quartier branché de la rue de la Roquette entre le Père Lachaise et Bastille le Marais, nombreux commerces a proximité immédiate, cuisine entièrement equipé, salle de bain avec douche a l italienne et toilette séparé télèvision ecran plat cablée, réseau wifi l appartement est non partagé, vous avez accès a tout l équipement check in a l appartement pour la remise des clés accés code entrée 4753 puis frapper dans le hall a la porte marron le quartier Voltaire est un quartier très animé, nombreux restaurants, bars, commerces de bouche, a très courte distance du Père Lachaise, de Republique et de la Bastille, un 
28654	Bonjour,je loue cette appartement refait à neuf avec un grand balcon avec une vue imprenable sur paris ,très calme, cuisine à l'américaine avec tous le matériel pour cuisiner, télé, internet en Wifi, douche a l'italienne ..situé à 5mn à pied de bastille et à 4 station de république ...	Bonjour ,je loue cette appartement avec vue sur Paris,très bien situé,à 3mn du métro ,à 5mn à pied de bastille et 10mn à pied de la place de république,cet un appartement très calme et refait a neuf : douche à l'italienne , grand balcon.. Bonjour,je loue cette appartement refait à neuf avec un grand balcon avec une vue imprenable sur paris ,très calme, cuisine à l'américaine avec tous le matériel pour cuisiner, télé, internet en Wifi, douche a l'italienne ..situé à 5mn à pied de bastille et à 4 station de république ... le métro Charonne est accessible à 3 minutes à pied.. Situé en plein cœur de Paris métro Charonne (ligne 9) ,tous est a disposition dans la rue , café, brasserie, commerce , restaurant ....situé à 5mn à pied de bastille et à 4 station de république ... le logement est situé à 3mn du métro et possède un parking...
28655	Le studio comporte un vrai lit double,  plus un canapé lit d'appoint pouvant accueillir 1 personne, ainsi qu'une grande penderie. La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire. La cuisine est équipée (four électrique, frigo, plaques électriques) . 	Studio de 32 m2 lumineux et très propre, équipé, proche des places de la Nation,  République et Bastille A 1 mn à pieds du métro Charonne. Proche tous commerces. Aucun vis à vis, donnant sur jardin au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Le studio comporte un vrai lit double,  plus un canapé lit d'appoint pouvant accueillir 1 personne, ainsi qu'une grande penderie. La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire. La cuisine est équipée (four électrique, frigo, plaques électriques) . Le quartier est très calme en soirée. Vous pourrez vous reposer en toute tranquillité. En journée,vous retrouverez tous les commerces de proximité ainsi qu'une multitude de bars et restaurants de tous types (bistrot, savoyard, asiatique, italien, …)  l'appartement est idéal pour poser ses valises quelques jours à Paris. proche métro L 9 Charonne (1mn) proche métro L 2 Alexandre Dumas (7 mn) proche bus 76 (1mn) à 10 mn à pieds de Nation  (ligne 1, 2, 6, 9, RER A). Vous pourrez rejoindre toutes les attractions de Paris tr
28656	"Large one-room studio, fully equiped, 42 square metres, very pleasant, half-way between Bastille and Nation (11ème. arrondissement), full of light, in a nice old courtyard. Very quiet (a quiet to preserve : noisy parties would not be appreciated by my neighbors). One 140 centimetres bed for 2 persons on a mezzanine, one convertible sofa (bed for 2 persons) and a smaller one-person sofa. My appartement ideally fits the needs of a family of 4 persons (2 adults and 2 kids) but will be also very pleasant for ""just married"" (or soon to be..) couples. The small bathroom is equiped with a shower. The flat is on the third floor, without lift. It is fully equiped with all kitchen and cooking devices. Sheets and other linen are provided.  The flat is a block away from the ""Faubourg Saint Antoine"",a very lively area (but never crowdy and never noisy), very safe, with a population of young professionnals working (website hidden) companies or creative jobs. Within walking distance (300 meters) you "	"Large one-room studio, fully equiped, 42 square metres, very pleasant, half-way between Bastille and Nation (11ème. arrondissement), full of light, in a nice old courtyard. Very quiet (a quiet to preserve : noisy parties would not be appreciated by my neighbors). One 140 centimetres bed for 2 persons on a mezzanine, one convertible sofa (bed for 2 persons) and a smaller one-person sofa. My appartement ideally fits the needs of a family of 4 persons (2 adults and 2 kids) but will be also very pleasant for ""just married"" (or soon to be..) couples. The small bathroom is equiped with a shower. The flat is on the third floor, without lift. It is fully equiped with all kitchen and cooking devices. Sheets and other linen are provided.  The flat is a block away from the ""Faubourg Saint Antoine"",a very lively area (but never crowdy and never noisy), very safe, with a population of young professionnals working (website hidden) companies or creative jobs. Within walking distance (300 meters) you "
28657		3 pièces à deux pas de Bastille, dans un quartier dynamique, parquet, moulures et cheminée d'époque, double séjour, cuisine équipée, décoration moderne et épurée. Peut loger deux personnes.
28658	Very charming 36 m ² to SHARE! Cosy, bright, last floor, very bright. The apartment is functional, full equiped, WiFi, Market in front of the building on Thursday and Sundays. Many transports (bus and subway lines 1, 5 and 8 nearby). 5 min of the Bastille Opera and close to the place des Vosges. Please in your first contact, give me your arrival and departure times to my place!	Charming studio, elevator. Cosy, bright, very clean, seen on the Sacred Heart. 3 mini balconies.  Corner with very comfortable bed for serious and respectful person of places. Fully-equipped kitchen. Shower / toilets. Very charming 36 m ² to SHARE! Cosy, bright, last floor, very bright. The apartment is functional, full equiped, WiFi, Market in front of the building on Thursday and Sundays. Many transports (bus and subway lines 1, 5 and 8 nearby). 5 min of the Bastille Opera and close to the place des Vosges. Please in your first contact, give me your arrival and departure times to my place! All expect my stuffs! I know very well Paris and I have excellent addresses to be shared with my guests. Ask me, sometimes you could have my flat for yourself for a little bit more (website hidden), restaurant, market and the Marais! Code WEP: 58DB8807B8 The door of the microwave gets out towards 
28659	"Ideal apartment. Bright, spacious, functional. 32 m2 Quiet apartment on course. Second floor. A large room with living room and kitchen. A room with a double bed. A shower. Well equipped: dishwasher, washing machine, oven, toaster, vegetable press, Internet, TV, Canal +, gas hob, Hi-Fi with iPhone attachment, hairdryer, bed linens, towels. Ideally located in the ""real Paris"". On the street: one small and one large supermarket, Restaurant, Bars, Clothing Store, Bakery and 2 metro lines (11 and 2) area of ""Belleville"". Around: ""Place of the republic"", 4 subway line (8, 9, 5, 3) neighborhood ""canal saint martin"" neighborhood ""oberkampf,"" ménilmontant ""neighborhood"" St. Martha ""..."	"Ideal apartment. Bright, spacious, functional. 32 m2 Quiet apartment on course. Second floor. A large room with living room and kitchen. A room with a double bed. A shower. Well equipped: dishwasher, washing machine, oven, toaster, vegetable press, Internet, TV, Canal +, gas hob, Hi-Fi with iPhone attachment, hairdryer, bed linens, towels. Ideally located in the ""real Paris"". On the street: one small and one large supermarket, Restaurant, Bars, Clothing Store, Bakery and 2 metro lines (11 and 2) area of ""Belleville"". Around: ""Place of the republic"", 4 subway line (8, 9, 5, 3) neighborhood ""canal saint martin"" neighborhood ""oberkampf,"" ménilmontant ""neighborhood"" St. Martha ""..."
28660	C'est un chouette endroit en plein coeur d'un Paris populaire, mais où l'on entend aucun bruit du trafic!  C'est très clair et très cosy...	"Very nice and secure aera (beetween Oberkampf and Belleville) Full of nice bars and typical restaurants 45 m2 – 2 rooms. elevators –  wireless internet – TV – No traffic noise-  The ""open"" kitchen  well-equipped, washing machine, open view. Very nice aera. Lot of bars, restaurants. Very popular. Few blocks from Parc de Belleville,  Pere Lachaise... Métro at the door straight to Champs Elysées.  métro Couronnes."
28661	We are renting out our 4 bedroom apartment for a month this summer. Only a couple minutes away from the Canal St Martin, the Marais an multiple French restaurants and markets (such as the Marche des Enfants Rouges) the apartment is ideally situated in the center of the most dynamic and trendy Parisian neighbourhoods.  The apartment is a 120m2 duplex on the fifth floor (with elevator), with 40m2 of terraces and balconies. Each room has its own terrace, complete with table and chairs - whatever the time of day you can enjoy the sun and fresh air ! The living room further boasts its own 30m2 terrace.  Entirely equipped kitchen with oven, dishwasher and washing machine. Each room has a double bed, floor to ceiling windows and huge closets.  Two bathrooms and a separate WC.	This apartment has lots of light, it is very quiet, located close to the canal Saint-Martin, Place de la République (subway lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11), in brief, in the Bobo (bourgeois bohème) district of Paris! Great place to rest between two visits. We are renting out our 4 bedroom apartment for a month this summer. Only a couple minutes away from the Canal St Martin, the Marais an multiple French restaurants and markets (such as the Marche des Enfants Rouges) the apartment is ideally situated in the center of the most dynamic and trendy Parisian neighbourhoods.  The apartment is a 120m2 duplex on the fifth floor (with elevator), with 40m2 of terraces and balconies. Each room has its own terrace, complete with table and chairs - whatever the time of day you can enjoy the sun and fresh air ! The living room further boasts its own 30m2 terrace.  Entirely equipped kitchen with oven, dishwasher and washing machine. Each room has a double bed, floor to ceiling windows and huge closets.  Two
28662	"Typical parisian little flat located in Paris 11ème arrdt in an ancient building in a little street close to Canal St Martin. You will find the famous restaurant ""Chateaubriand"" and its recent small brother ""Le Dauphin"" within 2mn walk as well as an excellent boulangerie (bakery), probably one of the best in the area (do check out the brioches, baguettes and tartes au citron meringuées). Many shops can be found nearby for your everyday needs. Several banks and a swimming pool too. One excellent bar-restaurant is located right at the end of the street : La Caravane. There, you will experience parisian lifestyle in this place. If you are fond of this, just walk 15mn to Rue Oberkampf or Rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud from 7pm on. A small market takes place every Sunday morning in front of St Louis hospital, down the Avenue Parmentier. If you are looking for BIO food, there is also a shop nearby. Closest subway stations are Goncourt on Line #11 or Parmentier on Line #3, or even République in a 10"	"Typical parisian little flat located in Paris 11ème arrdt in an ancient building in a little street close to Canal St Martin. You will find the famous restaurant ""Chateaubriand"" and its recent small brother ""Le Dauphin"" within 2mn walk as well as an excellent boulangerie (bakery), probably one of the best in the area (do check out the brioches, baguettes and tartes au citron meringuées). Many shops can be found nearby for your everyday needs. Several banks and a swimming pool too. One excellent bar-restaurant is located right at the end of the street : La Caravane. There, you will experience parisian lifestyle in this place. If you are fond of this, just walk 15mn to Rue Oberkampf or Rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud from 7pm on. A small market takes place every Sunday morning in front of St Louis hospital, down the Avenue Parmentier. If you are looking for BIO food, there is also a shop nearby. Closest subway stations are Goncourt on Line #11 or Parmentier on Line #3, or even République in a 10"
28663		Entre Nation et Avron lignes 1-2-6-9 et A appartement de 46m2 calme et lumineux 7ème étage avec ascenseur, 2 balcons sur vue dégagée. Une chambre avec lit 120 + canapé convertible (2 places) dans le salon, sdb, cuisine. Proche tous commerces marché le samedi et dimanche matin...
28664	Studio de 14m² sur jardin. L'appartement est entièrement équipé avec un petit frigo, des plaques de cuisson et un micro-ondes. Un canapé-lit (type BZ) 2 places, et une grande armoire avec penderie (derrière 2 grands miroirs) complètent l'ameublement du studio. Situé au rez-de-jardin légèrement surélevé, l'appartement est très calme et lumineux. Il est situé dans une résidence sécurisée avec gardien et digicode. Mon studio est idéal pour un weekend en amoureux, ou pour un séjour de quelques nuits. Le métro est à 3mn de marche à pieds, et des commerces sont à proximité. Les serviettes et le linge de lit sont fournis avec l'appartement.	Studio de 14m² donnant sur jardin. Totalement refait à neuf, il est fonctionnel, clair et très calme. Studio de 14m² sur jardin. L'appartement est entièrement équipé avec un petit frigo, des plaques de cuisson et un micro-ondes. Un canapé-lit (type BZ) 2 places, et une grande armoire avec penderie (derrière 2 grands miroirs) complètent l'ameublement du studio. Situé au rez-de-jardin légèrement surélevé, l'appartement est très calme et lumineux. Il est situé dans une résidence sécurisée avec gardien et digicode. Mon studio est idéal pour un weekend en amoureux, ou pour un séjour de quelques nuits. Le métro est à 3mn de marche à pieds, et des commerces sont à proximité. Les serviettes et le linge de lit sont fournis avec l'appartement. Tout le studio est pour vous. Vous serez ici chez vous. En cas de besoin, n'hésitez pas à me contacter, je reste toujours disponible. Quartier sympathique avec un marché 2 fois par semaine à proximité. Un franprix est également en face de la résidence. De 
28665	A TYPICAL Parisian appartement in a clean calm building between Bastille place and Pere Lachaise cemetry.  An artist appartement with an original, simple, colored and arty style. A lightfull appartement with windows in every room.	Typical parisian appartement sunny,arty and vintage in a nice, young, central and calm neigbourhood. A large and living room, a small office, a calm and cosy bedroom. Fonctional Kitchen and bathroom. Ideal for a couple with or with out children. A TYPICAL Parisian appartement in a clean calm building between Bastille place and Pere Lachaise cemetry.  An artist appartement with an original, simple, colored and arty style. A lightfull appartement with windows in every room. Internet (WIFI acces) Fridge, freezer, cooking place, coffee machine etc... No TV... but lots of books! Ten days before your arrival, I send you my full adress. Once I know when you arrive, and where do you arrive I can give you the instructions to get here. On the D day, I welcome you and give you all sorts of advices and good tips about the neigbourghood: visits, walks, shops, shows, restaurants etc... A dynamic district between Bastilles designers and other fashionistas ansd romantic artists from the Pere Lachaise 
28666	Bright and spacious fully equipped apartment with balcony, tropical loft style, 50m2. Convenient area between Republique and Pere Lachaise,  3mn from lively oberkampf street, lots of restaurants and groceries stores down the building. Metro and busses nearby. Beautiful little parc  across the street. My place is very bright, few furniture but many plants which gives a tropical zen feeling. It is spacious and is organized like a loft. You can enjoy the very green balcony and stare at the sky or Paris roofs. I love to cook so you'll find absolutely everything you need in the kitchen, from spices to tools, pans, pots and dishes, oven, micro wave, fruit extractor, blender... There's a bathtub in the bathroom, feel free to take a relaxing moment in there. The area is both quiet and lively, quiet at night but lively by day and evenings, I enjoy the many restaurants just down the building and all along the street, all kind of food and specialities, French, fabulous Italian, Lebanese, Chinese,	Bright and spacious fully equipped apartment with balcony, tropical loft style. Convenient area between Republique and Pere Lachaise,  3mn from lively oberkampf street, lots of restaurants and groceries stores down the building. Metro and busses nearby. Beautiful little parc  across the street.
28667		Bonjour, Petite pension de famille. Access to the bathroom ... sofa . For backpacker peace and sunny ... Salle de bain avec baignoire  Ascenseur . Terrasse Internet If you need All Easy by bus, métro, car, walk,bike
28668		Au 2eme étage et dernier étage sur une cour arborée, charmant 2 pièces, très calme et très lumineux. Un grand salon, salle à manger. Cuisine américaine, donnant sur le salon et une chambre à coucher.
28669	Very useful, American kitchen with bar, unique terrace in city center of Paris, very calm court. Character flat, very clean and restful (peaceful?) apartment, especially after a long visit day in Paris. All Paris monuments located less than 30 ‘ by metro. For the nature lovers, go to the Vincennes forest trough the green pathway (5’ by foot) 	3  rooms located in historical court of the famous faubourg Saint Antoine, closed to Bastille and Lyon Rail station. Atypical flat, calm, with terrace (35 m² or 376 sq ft). 4 people capacity. All shops and public transport near the flat Very useful, American kitchen with bar, unique terrace in city center of Paris, very calm court. Character flat, very clean and restful (peaceful?) apartment, especially after a long visit day in Paris. All Paris monuments located less than 30 ‘ by metro. For the nature lovers, go to the Vincennes forest trough the green pathway (5’ by foot) Métro line 8 (50 m), Bastille 5’ by foot, RER A & D (10’ by foot), Orly or Roissy Charles de Gaulle at 45’ with RER B and A No exchange allowed. Owner not present during the stay. All shops and the very famous Aligre market open 6 days a week at 3’ by foot.  Bars, discotheques at Bastille available. Métro line 8 (50 m), Bastille 5’ by foot, Line 1 & 5 at 5' by foot, Busline 61,76,86 at 50 m,RER A & D (10’ by foot), 
28670	"The apartment is a fully furnished one bedroom apartment. Attractive apartment in a alive and cosmopolitan district. Station of velib at the bottom the flat.  Grocer's shop open all the night, ""Franprix"" in 1 mn to walk and Monoprix 5 mn, small organic store, bakery, lots of restaurant near, lots of bar in Bastille  Marché d'Aligre in 10mn to walk and marché de Bastille 10 mn walk too.. The studio consists of a part to be lived on a ""cuisine américaine"", furnished and equipped with cooktops, washing machine, refrigerator and freezer, cooked vapor. The room is equipped WIFI, tv, freebox internet.  Small subdued light and Chinese lantern.  A cosy bed. A big bathroom with bathtud and toilets.  Hairdryer and towels  A decorated corridor.  Sheets and towels avalaible. It is very accessible and easy to get to all the places you would like to visit and I would be happy to give you some advices on what to do and where to go if you need it!  The street is very calm and secure. "	"The apartment is a fully furnished one bedroom apartment. Attractive apartment in a alive and cosmopolitan district. Station of velib at the bottom the flat.  Grocer's shop open all the night, ""Franprix"" in 1 mn to walk and Monoprix 5 mn, small organic store, bakery, lots of restaurant near, lots of bar in Bastille  Marché d'Aligre in 10mn to walk and marché de Bastille 10 mn walk too.. The studio consists of a part to be lived on a ""cuisine américaine"", furnished and equipped with cooktops, washing machine, refrigerator and freezer, cooked vapor. The room is equipped WIFI, tv, freebox internet.  Small subdued light and Chinese lantern.  A cosy bed. A big bathroom with bathtud and toilets.  Hairdryer and towels  A decorated corridor.  Sheets and towels avalaible. It is very accessible and easy to get to all the places you would like to visit and I would be happy to give you some advices on what to do and where to go if you need it!  The street is very calm and secure. "
28671	Le studio est flambant neuf. Fully renovated Studio by an interior designers, just finalized in June 2015.	Studio rénové à neuf en Juin 2015, à deux pas de Oberkampf et de la rue Saint Maur, un des quartiers les plus branchés de Paris. Fully renovated Studio (June 2015), a few meters away from Oberkampf, one of the trendiest neighborhood of Paris. Le studio est flambant neuf. Fully renovated Studio by an interior designers, just finalized in June 2015. L'ensemble du Studio est à vous. The entire Studio is yours. Oberkampf est un des quartiers les plus branchés de Paris, de nombreux étudiants, des bars et cafés ouverts jours et nuits. Oberkampf is one of the most trendiest neighborhood in Paris. A lot of students, bar and café open day and night. L'appartement se trouve entre les métros Parmentier et Goncourt. The appartement is 4 minutes away from Parmentier Metro and 5 minutes away from Goncourt. Pour tout séjour de plus de 2 jours, notre service de ménage viendra tous les 2 jours pour nettoyer l'appartement (service inclus dans le prix) If you stay more than 2 days, we will offer a cleani
28672	The apartment is a  3 rooms of 38m2 on the 5th floor, facing south. It includes: 1 living room with kitchen and sofa bed, 1 room with bed 2 places, 1 office, 1 bathroom with shower and toilet. Beds: 2 places bed and sofa bed in the lounge. Amenities: Hi-Fi, Oven, Dishwasher, Washing machine, TV, Wifi.	The apartment is a  3 rooms of 38m2 on the 5th floor, facing south. It includes: 1 living room with kitchen and sofa bed, 1 room with bed 2 places, 1 office, 1 bathroom with shower and toilet. Beds: 2 places bed and sofa bed in the lounge. Amenities: Hi-Fi, Oven, Dishwasher, Washing machine, TV, Wifi. Philippe Auguste Metro (line 2), Pere Lachaise (line 3) and Charonne (line 9). Near Père Lachaise, Place de la Nation, Bastille, République, and the heart of Paris! At the foot of Market Street Wednesday and Saturday morning. Nearby shops open on Sundays. Daily Quiet, family and authentic, Mont-Louis area - Philippe Auguste - Alexandre Dumas offers all shops and leisure activities: traditional market, farmers market, restaurants, bars, shops, swimming pool, shops open on Sundays. You will also not far from the Bois de Vincennes for a little greenery! Philippe Auguste Metro (line 2) Métro Père Lachaise (line 2 - line 3) Velib and Autolib a few meters from the building. Rent 2 nights. Long 
28673	"Beautiful duplex at the second floor, very cosy, very ""parisian"" which will offer you all the comfort you need during your stay in Paris.  Ground floor: Large living area with a dinning table (accomodates up to 6 guests) and kitchen with modern appliances, including a (website hidden) and computer, with internet. Upstairs: - 1 bedroom with large bed for 2 persons and its bathroom, - 1 bedroom with a bed for 1 person + other couch 1 person just under - 1 bedroom with a bed for 1 person - 1 bedroom with a bed for 1 person - 1 room with game area + a piano + 1 bed for 1 person. - Other bathroom (second one) with bathtub.  Location :  Superb location in central Paris just 3 min walking from metro Goncourt station, 8 min walking from métro République station and only 5 min walking from the beautiful Canal St. Martin with its bars and restaurants. It is at 10 min only from the center by metro (direct from Goncourt to Rambuteau station, line 11 !!!! The Marais is only a short walk across the "	"Beautiful duplex at the second floor, very cosy, very ""parisian"" which will offer you all the comfort you need during your stay in Paris.  Ground floor: Large living area with a dinning table (accomodates up to 6 guests) and kitchen with modern appliances, including a (website hidden) and computer, with internet. Upstairs: - 1 bedroom with large bed for 2 persons and its bathroom, - 1 bedroom with a bed for 1 person + other couch 1 person just under - 1 bedroom with a bed for 1 person - 1 bedroom with a bed for 1 person - 1 room with game area + a piano + 1 bed for 1 person. - Other bathroom (second one) with bathtub.  Location :  Superb location in central Paris just 3 min walking from metro Goncourt station, 8 min walking from métro République station and only 5 min walking from the beautiful Canal St. Martin with its bars and restaurants. It is at 10 min only from the center by metro (direct from Goncourt to Rambuteau station, line 11 !!!! The Marais is only a short walk across the "
28674	"Au coeur du XIème arrondissement, appartement de 2 pièces de 42m2, dans un  immeuble ancien au 1er étage (sans ascenseur). Entièrement  rénové  et décoré dans  un style contemporain.  Parquet en chêne massif,double vitrage, mobilier  de designers. Il est composé d'une chambre indépendante , d'un salon salle à manger avec  cuisine ouverte, d'une salle de bain avec douche, de WC séparés et d'une pièce  dressing. Entièrement équipé: Chambre avec 1 lit 2 places  Salon avec vrai un canapé lit 2 places Lave-linge/sèche linge Fer à repasser Sèche cheveux  Machine à laver la vaisselle Four et Four à micro ondes  Plaque vitro céramique Machine à café Nespresso Grille pain Support Hifi I Pod & I Phone 2 Télévisions 2 Lecteurs DVD Connexion internet WiFi gratuite et sécurisée Tout le linge de maison (draps de lit et serviettes de toilette)  est fournit. Situé à 20min à pied de Bastille , dans un quartier avec de nombreux restaurants et boutiques ""branchées"", à quelques pas  d'un supermarché et de"	"Au coeur du XIème arrondissement, appartement de 2 pièces de 42m2, dans un  immeuble ancien au 1er étage (sans ascenseur). Entièrement  rénové  et décoré dans  un style contemporain.  Parquet en chêne massif,double vitrage, mobilier  de designers. Il est composé d'une chambre indépendante , d'un salon salle à manger avec  cuisine ouverte, d'une salle de bain avec douche, de WC séparés et d'une pièce  dressing. Entièrement équipé: Chambre avec 1 lit 2 places  Salon avec vrai un canapé lit 2 places Lave-linge/sèche linge Fer à repasser Sèche cheveux  Machine à laver la vaisselle Four et Four à micro ondes  Plaque vitro céramique Machine à café Nespresso Grille pain Support Hifi I Pod & I Phone 2 Télévisions 2 Lecteurs DVD Connexion internet WiFi gratuite et sécurisée Tout le linge de maison (draps de lit et serviettes de toilette)  est fournit. Situé à 20min à pied de Bastille , dans un quartier avec de nombreux restaurants et boutiques ""branchées"", à quelques pas  d'un supermarché et de"
28675	Quartier animé (nombreux commerces, restos, cafés et bars, épiceries, boutiques diverses)  mais appartement calme. Entièrement équipé. Lumineux. Grand couchage en canapé lit d'angle pour 2 personnes. Confortable et très pratique.	This cosy, comfortable, shinny and quiet studio is ideally situated in a lively central and safe area (St Martin canal / Republic square). Completely equipped and practical (kitchen area, WiFi, bathroom) for 2 people. Welcoming neighborhood.
28676	"Bienvenue !  - Appartement de type Haussmannien  - Deux pièces, avec petite cuisine très fonctionnelle et équipée, et salle de bain  - Chambre très ensoleillée  - Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis  - L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit + 1 canapé convertible) - Situé à quelques minutes de Bastille et du Marais, localisation idéale !  - Au 6ème et dernier étage, sans ascenseur...Courage !  - Très bien desservi par les transports en commun (métro ligne 5, arrêt ""Bréguet Sabin"")  - Cuisine équipée et ribambelle d'ustensiles pour ceux qui aiment cuisiner ! (2 plaques vitro-céramique, grand four, four micro-ondes, cafetière, bouilloire, cuiseur à riz, mixeur pour faire de bons smoothies, appareil à croque-monsieur, grille pain) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Welcome !  - Apartment of the Haussmannien type - Two parts, with kitchen (very functional and equipped) and bathroom - Very sunny room - Cloth"	"Appartement calme, vintage et cosy sous les toits de Paris, proche de Bastille et du Marais. ---------------------------------------------------------------- Calm, vintage and cosy apartment under the roofs of Paris, close to Maras and Bastille. Bienvenue !  - Appartement de type Haussmannien  - Deux pièces, avec petite cuisine très fonctionnelle et équipée, et salle de bain  - Chambre très ensoleillée  - Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis  - L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit + 1 canapé convertible) - Situé à quelques minutes de Bastille et du Marais, localisation idéale !  - Au 6ème et dernier étage, sans ascenseur...Courage !  - Très bien desservi par les transports en commun (métro ligne 5, arrêt ""Bréguet Sabin"")  - Cuisine équipée et ribambelle d'ustensiles pour ceux qui aiment cuisiner ! (2 plaques vitro-céramique, grand four, four micro-ondes, cafetière, bouilloire, cuiseur à riz, mixeur pour faire de bons smoothies, appareil à croque-monsieur, grille"
28677	"Hello everyone !  I have a beautiful studio apartment in the heart of Paris right by the Marais entrance. It is very well served by public transport (5 minutes walk from several metro stations and several bus stops) and close to all shops (restaurants, bars, supermarkets, etc...). My apartment is spacious, bright and comfortable with all new appliances.  I have a very large room with a queen size bed.  I am situated in what is in my opinion the best area of Paris, the typical Parisian ""Bobo"" as we say here (""bourgeois bohemian). Moreover, it is primarily an artsy neighborhood! Whether you are looking for a quiet place or looking to party, my apartment is ideally located, as it remains protected from noisy streets, in a historical gated courtyard while 5 minutes walking from the gorgeous Place des Vosges or 10 minutes away from Oberkampf Street, one of the most festive streets of Paris with numerous bars and restaurants. I will be happy to welcome you in my home and if you wish I will g"	"Hello everyone !  I have a beautiful studio apartment in the heart of Paris right by the Marais entrance. It is very well served by public transport (5 minutes walk from several metro stations and several bus stops) and close to all shops (restaurants, bars, supermarkets, etc...). My apartment is spacious, bright and comfortable with all new appliances.  I have a very large room with a queen size bed.  I am situated in what is in my opinion the best area of Paris, the typical Parisian ""Bobo"" as we say here (""bourgeois bohemian). Moreover, it is primarily an artsy neighborhood! Whether you are looking for a quiet place or looking to party, my apartment is ideally located, as it remains protected from noisy streets, in a historical gated courtyard while 5 minutes walking from the gorgeous Place des Vosges or 10 minutes away from Oberkampf Street, one of the most festive streets of Paris with numerous bars and restaurants. I will be happy to welcome you in my home and if you wish I will g"
28678	Studio of 20 m2 very bright and very comfortable 5 minutes from the Place de la Bastille and 2 minutes from the Père Lachaise cemetery. Charming studio without vis-à -vis facing a park. Many shops bars very close. Ideal for a couple.	Studio de 17 m2 très lumineux et confortable à 10 m de la Place de la Bastille et à  and 2 minutes du cimetière du Père Lachaise. Charmant studio sans vis-à-vis et dominant un parc. Beaucoup de boutiques et de cafés dans le coin. Idéal pour un couple Studio of 20 m2 very bright and very comfortable 5 minutes from the Place de la Bastille and 2 minutes from the Père Lachaise cemetery. Charming studio without vis-à -vis facing a park. Many shops bars very close. Ideal for a couple. Pas de possibilité de louer plus d'un mois.
28679	We are renting our 36m² 2 rooms, confortable and well equiped located in the 11th Paris district, in the Nation-Bastille-République triangle and 15 minutes away from the Marais on foot. This lovely appartement can have up to 4 people, 3rd floor without elevator, secured building : double digital code, in a courtyard, flowered depending on the season, which means very quiet . Nous louons notre 2 pièces de 36m², confortable et bien équipé situé dans la 11ème arrondissement de Paris, dans le triangle Nation-Bastille-République et à 15 minutes à pied du Marais.  Ce charmant 2 pièces peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes, au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, immeuble sécurisé : double Digicodes, le tout sur cour intérieure fleurie selon la saison et donc au calme.	36m² 2 rooms flat located in Paris 11e (carré Bastille), 15 min away from the Marais on foot. Very lovely, can take up to 4 people. Located in a living area, with everything you can possibly need and the line 9 of the subway (station Voltaire) 1 min We are renting our 36m² 2 rooms, confortable and well equiped located in the 11th Paris district, in the Nation-Bastille-République triangle and 15 minutes away from the Marais on foot. This lovely appartement can have up to 4 people, 3rd floor without elevator, secured building : double digital code, in a courtyard, flowered depending on the season, which means very quiet . Nous louons notre 2 pièces de 36m², confortable et bien équipé situé dans la 11ème arrondissement de Paris, dans le triangle Nation-Bastille-République et à 15 minutes à pied du Marais.  Ce charmant 2 pièces peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes, au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, immeuble sécurisé : double Digicodes, le tout sur cour intérieure fleurie selon la saison et donc
28680	Hello Our flat is on the 3rd flor with a lift, 10 minutes by walk from Bastille. Very near of subway lines 1, 9, 5 and 8, you can access everywhere very easily. It is very quite, despite being in one of the liveliest parts of the city. Plenty of restaurants and bars few streets away. The flat is very colorfull and freshly redone. Waiting for you will be clean linens and towels if you need them. The room is quiet; facing a small street. The room isn't huge as you can see (12 sqm), it is decorated on the Parisians and music themes, but the rest of the apartment is open, inviting, and yours to enjoy during your entire visit. The bed is new. Bathroom is shared with toilets separatively. The kitchen is fully equiped as we love cooking. There is a big window in the livingroom with a small balcony. You'll have full access to the entire apartment including the comfortable living room complete with hundreds of DVD and Blu-Rays you can watch at your (website hidden), too! The kitchen is yours as	Hello Our flat is on the 3rd flor with a lift, 10 minutes by walk from Bastille. Very near of subway lines 1, 9, 5 and 8, you can access everywhere very easily. It is very quite, despite being in one of the liveliest parts of the city. Plenty of restaurants and bars few streets away. The flat is very colorfull and freshly redone. Waiting for you will be clean linens and towels if you need them. The room is quiet; facing a small street. The room isn't huge as you can see (12 sqm), it is decorated on the Parisians and music themes, but the rest of the apartment is open, inviting, and yours to enjoy during your entire visit. The bed is new. Bathroom is shared with toilets separatively. The kitchen is fully equiped as we love cooking. There is a big window in the livingroom with a small balcony. You'll have full access to the entire apartment including the comfortable living room complete with hundreds of DVD and Blu-Rays you can watch at your (website hidden), too! The kitchen is yours as
28681	Joli petit appartement parisien typique, parquet et cheminées. Appartement deux pièces traversant de 35m2. Idéal pour un couple. Lit 2 places. Une chauffeuse est disponible pour une troisième personne ou un enfant (table basse MUJI dépliable!). A noter que c'est au 5 étage sans ascenseur et qu'il n'y a pas de double vitrage. On entend mais ça n'est pas du tout bruyant.	Joli 2 pièces traversant très lumineux. Parfait pour un couple. Métro L 2 et 9. Bus 76.  A 10 min à pied de Bastille. Proche du cimetière du Père Lachaise et de la Place de la Nation. Joli petit appartement parisien typique, parquet et cheminées. Appartement deux pièces traversant de 35m2. Idéal pour un couple. Lit 2 places. Une chauffeuse est disponible pour une troisième personne ou un enfant (table basse MUJI dépliable!). A noter que c'est au 5 étage sans ascenseur et qu'il n'y a pas de double vitrage. On entend mais ça n'est pas du tout bruyant. Vous aurez accès à tout le confort basique nécessaire. Machine à laver - Internet - chauffage - four etc... Si vous le souhaitez vous pouvez me poser toutes les questions sur le quartier. J'ai plein de bons plans pas chers! Restaurants - boutique - supermarchés -spectacles etc... Quartier populaire et vivant. Très agréable à vivre.  Au croisement de la rue de charonne, très vivante, avec de bons restaurants et des jolies boutiques. Proche d
28682	Charmant, lumineux et atypique appartement à Bastille pour 4 personnes et 1 enfant. Très central et très bien desservi. Cuisine équipée. Proche commerces & bars dans un quartier vivant, festif et familial.  Appartement chaleureux et très lumineux.  Très calme, vue dégagée. Dispose de grandes bibliothèques.  Capacité d'accueil de 4 personnes et un enfant (lit enfant disponible).  Cuisine équipée. Machine à laver. Internet - wifi - télévision. Vidéoprojecteur. Jeux et jouets pour enfants. Absent du logement durant le séjour. Canal de l'Arsenal Place de la Bastille Cimetière du Père Lachaise Marché Aligre Promenade plantée Ligne 9 Charonne et/ou Volatire. Bus (phone number hidden).	Charmant, lumineux et atypique appartement à Bastille pour 4 personnes et 1 enfant. Très central et très bien desservi. Cuisine équipée. Possibilité de faire des vidéoprojections. Proche commerces & bars dans un quartier vivant, festif et familial.  Charmant, lumineux et atypique appartement à Bastille pour 4 personnes et 1 enfant. Très central et très bien desservi. Cuisine équipée. Proche commerces & bars dans un quartier vivant, festif et familial.  Appartement chaleureux et très lumineux.  Très calme, vue dégagée. Dispose de grandes bibliothèques.  Capacité d'accueil de 4 personnes et un enfant (lit enfant disponible).  Cuisine équipée. Machine à laver. Internet - wifi - télévision. Vidéoprojecteur. Jeux et jouets pour enfants. Absent du logement durant le séjour. Canal de l'Arsenal Place de la Bastille Cimetière du Père Lachaise Marché Aligre Promenade plantée Ligne 9 Charonne et/ou Volatire. Bus (phone number hidden). Marché Aligre Square Trousseau Canal de l'Arsenal Bastille Pèr
28683		Grand duplex ensoleillé de 100 M2 à 30 minutes de marche du centre de Paris, 15 minutes en metro pour découvrir et profiter de la capitale française. A 10 minutes à pieds de Père Lachaise, 15 minutes à pieds de la place de la Bastille.
28684	Idéalement placé au coeur de Paris	2 pièces de charme haussmannien au cœur de Paris, 50 m2, 4e étage, ascenseur, soleil, vue dégagée, proche Bastille et place des Vosges, quartier historique et très vivant, très bien desservi en métro et en bus pour visiter tout Paris et sa région. Idéalement placé au coeur de Paris Les voyageurs auront droit à tout l'appartement excepté certains placards personnels J'accueille les voyageurs, leur présente la maison et répond aux questions sur le quartier. Je reviens pour leur départ et la restitution des clés, et pour savoir si tout s'est bien passé. Une personne pourra être jointe en cas de problème pendant leur séjour. Quartier très agréable et très vivant, nombreux bars, restaurants et commerces et le marché très connu 2 fois par semaine. Idéalement placé au centre de Paris. L'île Saint-Louis, Notre-Dame, Le Louvre, Concorde, le BHV, etc. sont accessibles à pied en quelques minutes. Les Champs-Elysées, Montmartre, La Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Montparnasse, ainsi que les Grands Magasin
28685	Logement au Parc Disneyland et Paris en 30min. Tout équipé pour 6 personnes (+bébés lit parapluie). 	A DISNEYLAND! Près Hotel Mariott Club Chaleureux cocon a Marne la Vallée,30min de Paris en RER Direct où vous avez le confort absolu pour toute la famille ou les amis afin de passer des moments aussi bien à Paris que chez Mickey!       Logement au Parc Disneyland et Paris en 30min. Tout équipé pour 6 personnes (+bébés lit parapluie). Toujours disponible et à votre écoute pour vous rendre le séjour facile et agréable. Le quartier est agréable par toutes ses commodités bus et tous les commerces entourés de lac, golf, et verdure au calme. 1.Gare TGV Marne la Vallée Chessy Disneyland. 2.RER A Disneyland direct Paris. 3.Autoroute A4 direction Disneyland sortie Bailly Romainvilliers. 4.Navette aéroport Roissy/Orly direct Disneyland. 5.Bus 34 de Disneyland direct au logement en 5minutes.
28686	Charming and lovely apartment. I renovated it 6 months ago. It looks great and I have no doubt you will feel compfortable in it :)	Ideally located between République, Oberkampf and Parmentier. Very close to the metro station (2 minutes by w.), to the nicest parisian bars, rue Oberkampf.  Very quiet and comfortable appartment. Music lovers place :) Charming and lovely apartment. I renovated it 6 months ago. It looks great and I have no doubt you will feel compfortable in it :) Fully furnished kitchen. Hairdresser, washing machine. Hi-Fi, turn table. Wi-fi. Reachable by email (i'll do my best to give you answers in less than 2 hours) Present for check in and check out Located in one of the best suburb of Paris, close to the Canal Saint-Martin for a lover walk (5 mn by w.), to rue Oberkampf for a drink with friends (2 mn by w.), to République for a movie (5 mn by w.) 5 minutes by walk from Republique station (Line 3, Line 11, Line 5, Line 9), 2 minutes by walk from Parmentier station (Line 3) 5 minutes by walk from Oberkampf station (Line 5, Line 9) The appartment is 38 sq. meters. 1 separate bedroom. 1 bathroom (1 b
28687	Very well located in quiet area, close to Canal St Martin, Oberkampf and Marais.  Totally furnished, perfect for families with children. Lots of CD, books, comics, etc. Wireless. Appartment with 3 bedrooms, a large living room (with a sofa bed if needed), 1 bathroom (with tube and bath), 1 separated WC, 1 kitchen. Our area is very nice with a lot of cafes, restaurants and food and wine shops. Metro line Goncourt, Republique or Parmentier. 	Our apartment is a typical Parisian apartment in an old building (beginning of XXe century) with wooden floors, fireplaces, moldings . It is very pleasant to live with a perfect arrangement of rooms , a double exposure and three real bedrooms . It is particularly suitable for families with children Very well located in quiet area, close to Canal St Martin, Oberkampf and Marais.  Totally furnished, perfect for families with children. Lots of CD, books, comics, etc. Wireless. Appartment with 3 bedrooms, a large living room (with a sofa bed if needed), 1 bathroom (with tube and bath), 1 separated WC, 1 kitchen. Our area is very nice with a lot of cafes, restaurants and food and wine shops. Metro line Goncourt, Republique or Parmentier. 
28688	Il offre une vue unique sur tout Paris, spacieux, clair, calme et très bien entretenu. 	L'appartement est très confortable bien situé près de la Place de la Bastille, vous pourrez vous déplacer facilement en métro ou en bus, A proximité vous avez des restaurants, cinémas,l'Opéra de la Bastille, magasins, supermarchés, pharmacie, banque. Il offre une vue unique sur tout Paris, spacieux, clair, calme et très bien entretenu.  Accès internet gratuit Vous pouvez me contacter par e mail en Français ou Anglais Proche du quartier animé de la Place de la Bastille, des restaurants, des magasins, de l'Opéra de la Bastille, des bars et discothèques. Commerces de proximités. Métros Bastille, Léon Blum et voltaire à proximité nombreux bus, et station de taxis Accès handicapés, et immeuble très sécurisé. internet et chaines TV. 2 ascenseurs 
28689	This appartment is typically parisian with a lot of charm. Located in an ancient parisian building, the place has also a beautiful view. It is lighty and more important quiet.	Charming appartment in the heart of Paris, between Bastille and Père Lachaise, (11e arrondissement). Typical Parisian building, fully furnished: bed room,  living room (with  sofa bed) ,  kitcheen and  bathroom. Nice view, light and  quiet          This appartment is typically parisian with a lot of charm. Located in an ancient parisian building, the place has also a beautiful view. It is lighty and more important quiet. Guests will have fully access to the appartment. I can make you visit the district the very first day. In any case, you can contact me and I will be happy to help you to discover Paris way of life, to give you tips and recommendations.  I remain also always available by phone and mail  for any requests, questions or supports.  Many small gourmet stores, cool bars and good restaurants give this neighborhood make this district cool, charming and typically parisian. The appartment is located in central Paris, close to subway stations (Line 9 direct to Champs Elysée, Troca
28690	petite cours  pres du marcher de brocante et legume bar restaurant	petite cours  pres du marcher de brocante et legume bar restaurant LE MARCHER BROCANTE  MARCHER LEGUMES  LES BAR   LES RESTAURENT METRO LEDRU ROLLIN OU GARE DE LYON
28691	The studio has a bed for one or a couple, a small kitchen, desk, couch and closet. The bathroom and toilets are outside, at the corridor, but my 3 neighbors are cool and clean. It's more like a great apartment and we share the bathroom.	Hello!  I rent my Studio at the 8th floor with a view for the parisien horizon. It's a small room, cute and quiet with many plants and good energy :) The studio has a bed for one or a couple, a small kitchen, desk, couch and closet. The bathroom and toilets are outside, at the corridor, but my 3 neighbors are cool and clean. It's more like a great apartment and we share the bathroom. I'm renting my place, which means that some of my stuff would be in the room when you are staying here. But don't worry, you're going to have space for your stuff. of course, I can answer via message or whatsapp the morning until 3 p.m.  If you need to call me it has to be after this schedule. the neighborhood is not at all tourist but really cool really close from subway station Rue des boulets (line 9 ) and Nation (line 1, 2, 6, 9) I'm renting my place, which means that some of my stuff would be in the room when you are staying here. But don't worry, you're going to have space for your stuff.
28692	Charming apartment, hard wood floors, working fireplace, moldings, in a great neighborhood for people who love food and shopping, 9mn walk from Bastille, 15 mn walk from the marais. Daily outdoor market around the corner (marché d'Aligre) and covered market with wine shops, butcher shops, poissonnerie, charcuterie, bakery etc.  I live behind a patisserie and chocolate shop. Great French restaurants in the neighborhood (Septime, Rhino, Gazetta, Caffe dei Cioppi), and parisien designer boutiques (Isabelle Marant, Sessun, French Trotters). 19th century café Bistro du Peintre and Square Trousseau around the corner.  Close to several metro lines (line 1, 5, 8) and buses 86, 76), safe neighborhood. The metro station Ledru Rollin is 1 mn away. Very comfortable bed (Tempur matress), small kitchen and small bathroom. Calm and lots of light. Flat screen TV with cable, wifi in the apt.  The apartment is decorated with some antique and modern furniture, linen curtains, cotton sheets.	Charming apartment, hard wood floors, working fireplace, moldings, in a great neighborhood for people who love food and shopping, 9mn walk from Bastille, 15 mn walk from the marais. Daily outdoor market around the corner (marché d'Aligre) and covered market with wine shops, butcher shops, poissonnerie, charcuterie, bakery etc.  I live behind a patisserie and chocolate shop. Great French restaurants in the neighborhood (Septime, Rhino, Gazetta, Caffe dei Cioppi), and parisien designer boutiques (Isabelle Marant, Sessun, French Trotters). 19th century café Bistro du Peintre and Square Trousseau around the corner.  Close to several metro lines (line 1, 5, 8) and buses 86, 76), safe neighborhood. The metro station Ledru Rollin is 1 mn away. Very comfortable bed (Tempur matress), small kitchen and small bathroom. Calm and lots of light. Flat screen TV with cable, wifi in the apt.  The apartment is decorated with some antique and modern furniture, linen curtains, cotton sheets.
28693		Charmant studio avec salon séparé de la chambre. Lumineux, au 6e et dernier étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble ancien au coeur du quartier Oberkampf/Ménilmontant. A proximité de la place de le République, de Belleville et du fameux cimetière du Père Lachaise.
28694		Jolie chambre pour 2 personnes proche de la place de la république, dans un quartier vivant et très agréable. Proche des métros 11, 2, 5, 8, 3. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement.  Salon : grand canapé confortable et très lumineux. Salle à manger : lumineuse Cuisine complètement équipée.
28695	This flat is composed by a room with a bed and a desk, and a separate kitchen and bathroom. The apartment is located in the 2nd floor of a nice building and the street is very calm. 	"Right in the center of Paris, down to the metro station ""Oberkampf"", and 5 minutes walk to ""Republique"", this appartment is very practical to visit Paris and to have access to everything ! This flat is composed by a room with a bed and a desk, and a separate kitchen and bathroom. The apartment is located in the 2nd floor of a nice building and the street is very calm.  You will have access to the kitchen (everything is furnished if you want to cook). There is also an access to the wifi. The neighborhood is quite interesting. You will find a lot of bars or restaurants close to this place even if the street is particularly calm. Public transports are all around. Just down the apartment : ""Oberkampf"" (line 5 and 9), 100 meters far ""Filles du Calvaire"" (line 8), 5 min walking ""République"" (line 3, 5, 9 and 11). But you can easily walk anywhere : ""Le Marais"" in 10min, ""Les Halles"" in 15 min, ""Notre Dame de Paris"" 20 min..."
28696	"In a beautiful building late nineteenth century , apartment situated in a courtyard , bright and very quiet. In the heart of the 11th district of Paris, lively and "" trendy "" . Beautiful functional studio of 25m2, on the 5th floor . Large windows with blackout curtains. Bathroom, with shower / bath and separate toilet. Kitchen & Bar A room with a very comfortable sofa bed ( quality mattress ), a TV and 2 shelves. FREE WIFI"	"Comfortable studio in the heart of Paris (11th district), between Place de la Bastille & Place de la République, and close to the Marais. In a nice small building, calm & bright. Perfect place to find peace in Paris, for one or two peoples. In a beautiful building late nineteenth century , apartment situated in a courtyard , bright and very quiet. In the heart of the 11th district of Paris, lively and "" trendy "" . Beautiful functional studio of 25m2, on the 5th floor . Large windows with blackout curtains. Bathroom, with shower / bath and separate toilet. Kitchen & Bar A room with a very comfortable sofa bed ( quality mattress ), a TV and 2 shelves. FREE WIFI Access to the entire apartment. 25m2 : -1 Room with bed very comfortable ( good quality mattress) + Tv -1 Equipped kitchen + Bar -1 Bathroom with bath / shower wc -1 + FREE WIFI At disposal: - Shampoo - Shower Gel - Microwave Oven - Induction cooker - Refrigerator + Small freezer - Dishes & Utensils - JBL speakers - TV - Freebox -"
28697	Perfect for a couple. Enjoy the room with queen-size bed, bathroom with towels and toiletries, a living-room with dining table, the nice and convenient neighborhood and the easy access by transportations to several must-see areas in Paris.	Whole apartment in trendy rue de Charonne, super close to metro, shops, walking distance to Bastille. Fully equipped: TV, wi-fi, fridge, washing machine with dryer, toaster... Room with 2 persons queen bed. Only available this august! Perfect for a couple. Enjoy the room with queen-size bed, bathroom with towels and toiletries, a living-room with dining table, the nice and convenient neighborhood and the easy access by transportations to several must-see areas in Paris. You have access to the whole apartment, 52 square meter size, all rooms. The building is modern and secure with a private parking place. We'll make sure to provide you every info you need: guide for electronic and kitchen appliances, recommandations of favorites places in the Charonne/Bastille neighborhood, and more. Located in Paris right-bank 11ème arrondissement, Rue de Charonne and its neighborhood is a trendy area, full of great places to eat and have a drink, and very convenient as you'll find everything you need 
28698	"Cosy one bedroom apartment  located on ""rue de Charonne"", one of the trendiest spot of Paris. Cool bars, excellent restaurants and lots of fashion and furnitures stores. Between ""Charonne"" L9 station and ""Alexandre Dumas"" L2 station, You'll be close from all Parisian touristic attractions. Appartment is small (26m2) but confortable fits perfectly for a couple. Important ! No lift, 4th floor, excellent for your daily cardio :) I provide bedsheet and bathroom towels for your stay. Kitchen is fully equipped with washing machine, fridge, oven, heating plate."	"Cosy one bedroom apartment  located on ""rue de Charonne"", one of the trendiest spot of Paris. Cool bars, excellent restaurants and lots of fashion and furnitures stores. Between ""Charonne"" L9 station and ""Alexandre Dumas"" L2 station, You'll be close from all Parisian touristic attractions. Appartment is small (26m2) but confortable fits perfectly for a couple. Important ! No lift, 4th floor, excellent for your daily cardio :) I provide bedsheet and bathroom towels for your stay. Kitchen is fully equipped with washing machine, fridge, oven, heating plate."
28699	"Located at metrostation Charonne and ten minutes walking from Bastille, my studio is on the second floor of a quiet and clean building, with digicode.  Covering an area of 20m ², it's equipped with a kitchenette (quite small) and a bathroom with bathtub. Oven, fridge, hob and washing machine you'll be totally autonomous. A cupboard to put your clothes and a sofabed to spend ggood nights are waiting for you.  Capacity: a couple  Surface: 20 m2.  Smokers.  Code for the supplied WIFI. Ideal ""pied a terre"" to rest and discover Paris, the studio is accessible by lines 9 (Voltaire or Charonne), 5,8,1 (Bastille) and served by several buses.  You can acces everywhere  in about 40min by metro, and discover gastronomy, night life and creator shops around it by walking. I'm staying in Paris, so I will also give you a small visit of the district before your installation and help you if you get lost. Contact me!"	"Located at metrostation Charonne and ten minutes walking from Bastille, my studio is on the second floor of a quiet and clean building, with digicode.  Covering an area of 20m ², it's equipped with a kitchenette (quite small) and a bathroom with bathtub. Oven, fridge, hob and washing machine you'll be totally autonomous. A cupboard to put your clothes and a sofabed to spend ggood nights are waiting for you.  Capacity: a couple  Surface: 20 m2.  Smokers.  Code for the supplied WIFI. Ideal ""pied a terre"" to rest and discover Paris, the studio is accessible by lines 9 (Voltaire or Charonne), 5,8,1 (Bastille) and served by several buses.  You can acces everywhere  in about 40min by metro, and discover gastronomy, night life and creator shops around it by walking. I'm staying in Paris, so I will also give you a small visit of the district before your installation and help you if you get lost. Contact me!"
28700	Le logement L’OFFRE  Dans une grande résidence privée avec jardin, entièrement rénovée en 2007, qui répond aux normes de sécurité, d’équipement et de confort les plus récentes, des chambres et duplex à 1, 2 ou 4 lits disponibles l’été.  - Chambres à un ou deux lits:  Elles sont équipées de rangements et bureaux et pourvues d’un accès wifi.  Une salle de douche avec douche et wc pour deux chambres.  - Chambres duplex partagées à 4 places : ce sont de grandes chambres style atelier d’artiste de 23 à 28 m2 toutes équipées avec une mezzanine et 2 couchages par niveau. Elles ont un accès wifi, un WC et un lavabo individuel, les douches communes sont à l'étage.  A private house with garden, fully renovated in 2007, meeting more recent safety standards with modern equipment and Wifi access by fibre 500Mbps .  Available for summer only :  - single (12 to 15m2) or double rooms (15 to 18m2) furnished, with WiFi access (and a bathroom shared for 2 rooms).  - 4 beds large duplex (20 à 27m2) with m	Une chambre à deux personnes dans une maison privée chaleureuse et confortable avec jardin à 5 minutes du centre, de Bastille et du Marais, juste pour aout 2015 Le logement L’OFFRE  Dans une grande résidence privée avec jardin, entièrement rénovée en 2007, qui répond aux normes de sécurité, d’équipement et de confort les plus récentes, des chambres et duplex à 1, 2 ou 4 lits disponibles l’été.  - Chambres à un ou deux lits:  Elles sont équipées de rangements et bureaux et pourvues d’un accès wifi.  Une salle de douche avec douche et wc pour deux chambres.  - Chambres duplex partagées à 4 places : ce sont de grandes chambres style atelier d’artiste de 23 à 28 m2 toutes équipées avec une mezzanine et 2 couchages par niveau. Elles ont un accès wifi, un WC et un lavabo individuel, les douches communes sont à l'étage.  A private house with garden, fully renovated in 2007, meeting more recent safety standards with modern equipment and Wifi access by fibre 500Mbps .  Available for summer only
28701		Appartement idéal au coeur de Paris, accueillant et douillet, tout proche de Place de la Nation, dans une rue calme, entourée de jardin. Profitez de sa cuisine equipée et de sa proximité avec le Metro et RER Appartement disponible entièrement - cuisine equipée - TV Les voyageurs interessés peuvent m'appeler au (phone number hidden). Je leur communiquerai toutes les informations utiles. Bilingue Francais/Anglais
28702	On the third floor of a 4 storey building, all the appartment overlooks a wide inner courtyard, quite typical of Le Marais. Taking advantage of a south West orientation the flat is bathed with the sun half of the day. Enjoy the silence, birds chirping and relax in the heart of Paris.	My spacious 1 bedroom flat (590 ft2) is bright and quiet next to Le cirque d'Hiver, in between Le Marais, République, Le Canal Saint Martin and Bastille. Fully equipped, you'll feel at your parisian home. On the third floor of a 4 storey building, all the appartment overlooks a wide inner courtyard, quite typical of Le Marais. Taking advantage of a south West orientation the flat is bathed with the sun half of the day. Enjoy the silence, birds chirping and relax in the heart of Paris. The living room is 290 ft2, colorful, counts 3 man's height windows, and an open kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped, including a (website hidden) chefs should be pleased. The bathroom has a tube and a window. The bedroom is cosy and spacious with its 160ft2 The whole flat has been renovated by an architect 5 years ago.  Hi-Fi, Cable Tv and ADSL wait for you. Yogis welcome, matts, bricks and belt are provided. I'll do my best to ensure you a great experience. You'll enjoy a true Parisian neighborhood, 
28703	The flat is on the 3d floor with an elevator. It is composed with 1 bedroom (double bed), 1 bathroom (with a bath), toilets separated, 1 open kitchen and a balcony. Luminous and calm, the apartment is located near Bastille, Republique, Oberkampf (12 min by walk) or Nation places. In the kitchen you will find hotplates, microwave, oven, nespresso machine, kettle, toaster... One double bed in the bed room and 1 sofa in the sitting room are available. Many restaurants, commerces and transport accomodations are available at the bottom of the flat.	Luminous and calm flat. In the center of the 11 district, well served by transports and near all amenities and commerces. WIFI Bastille, Republique, Oberkampf are at 12 min walk from the flat. The flat is on the 3d floor with an elevator. It is composed with 1 bedroom (double bed), 1 bathroom (with a bath), toilets separated, 1 open kitchen and a balcony. Luminous and calm, the apartment is located near Bastille, Republique, Oberkampf (12 min by walk) or Nation places. In the kitchen you will find hotplates, microwave, oven, nespresso machine, kettle, toaster... One double bed in the bed room and 1 sofa in the sitting room are available. Many restaurants, commerces and transport accomodations are available at the bottom of the flat. To all equipment : dishwasher, washing machine, TV... Feel free ton contact me by email or by phone, I'll answer as soon as I can ! A calm street near a lively district. Well served by buses, metro and taxis. You can go to Bastille, République, Oberkampf or
28704	The apartment is a few steps from the Place de la Republique and Place de la Bastille. Three different subway lines serve the area (line 3, line 5 and line 9) and will get you anywhere in Paris with a minimum of travel time. Located on the 4th floor of an ancient building of 6 floors without elevator, this apartment features: - one bedroom with double bed, - a living room with sofa that can serve as a bed for 2 more people (many sheets are available) - a fully equipped and spacious kitchen for up to 8 people for a meal (extendable dining table) - a bathroom with shower and heated towel rail, - an independant toilet / WC. The equipment of the apartment is available: dishwasher, washing machine, wifi, TV, piano & guitar, etc. . The kitchen and bedroom open view on St-Ambroise (silent) while the living room overlooks the courtyard. The price includes all expenses for the apartment: electricity, water , heating, etc. IMPORTANT: the keys of the flat will have to be retrieved on our workplac	A cozy 2 rooms (45 m²) midway between Republique and Bastille (10 minutes walk). Although an ideal for a couple, the sofa bed of the living room can accommodate 2 extra guests perfectly (tested & approved).  Welcome to my home! The apartment is a few steps from the Place de la Republique and Place de la Bastille. Three different subway lines serve the area (line 3, line 5 and line 9) and will get you anywhere in Paris with a minimum of travel time. Located on the 4th floor of an ancient building of 6 floors without elevator, this apartment features: - one bedroom with double bed, - a living room with sofa that can serve as a bed for 2 more people (many sheets are available) - a fully equipped and spacious kitchen for up to 8 people for a meal (extendable dining table) - a bathroom with shower and heated towel rail, - an independant toilet / WC. The equipment of the apartment is available: dishwasher, washing machine, wifi, TV, piano & guitar, etc. . The kitchen and bedroom open view on
28705	loft en duplex avec beaucoup de charme au rez de chaussée dans une cour pavée et fleuri , très calme bien qu en plein centre de Paris	charming loft in duplex , quiet and peacefull .Close of République and Canal Saint Martin with around restaurants , bars and shops . not far some important places of Paris . bus and Metro at 5mn by feet . 2 bedrooms with large bed . wi fi .
28706	WELCOME TO OUR PLACE!!! A sunny 1-bedroom flat on trendy rue Oberkampf. It is 50m2 and fully-furnished, available for rent. Ideal for a single person or couple looking for an extended sejour in Paris. There is a master bedroom with double bed, a spacious living room with a comfortable sofa bed for visiting guests, which leads onto a large balcony overlooking a quiet courtyard.  The flat comes with a fully equipped modern kitchen (with dish-washer) and a stylish bathroom with bathtub and shower. Our secure apartment (guardians, door code + intercom) is on the 7th floor (with lifts) in a quiet residence at the lively heart of 11th arrondissement.  Rate is inclusive of all utilities except excess charges for phone and electricity.  60 euros will be required for housekeeping at the end of your stay. Other charges apply for longer periods of stay. Tax d'Habitation and insurance are applicable for rentals of 6 months or more. Secure underground parking is available on request. Pets are accep	Right in centre of the trendy cafés and bars district of Parmentier / Oberkampf neighbourhood. An intersection of great night life, local hotspots and melting pot of ethnic cultures, a must for those seeking an authentic Parisian experience. WELCOME TO OUR PLACE!!! A sunny 1-bedroom flat on trendy rue Oberkampf. It is 50m2 and fully-furnished, available for rent. Ideal for a single person or couple looking for an extended sejour in Paris. There is a master bedroom with double bed, a spacious living room with a comfortable sofa bed for visiting guests, which leads onto a large balcony overlooking a quiet courtyard.  The flat comes with a fully equipped modern kitchen (with dish-washer) and a stylish bathroom with bathtub and shower. Our secure apartment (guardians, door code + intercom) is on the 7th floor (with lifts) in a quiet residence at the lively heart of 11th arrondissement.  Rate is inclusive of all utilities except excess charges for phone and electricity.  60 euros will be re
28707		A quietful and cosy appartement in the 11th district of Paris On the first floor Located in a quiet street, close to the vibrant area of Bastille / rue de la Roquette / rue de Charonne At a walking distance from Le Marais (10 min) Close to many metro stations : -Line 9 : Voltaire -Line 1 : Bastille -Line 5 : Breguet-Sabin The kitchen is fully equiped : fridge, hoven, microwave oven, dishwasher and washing machine The bedroom : 1 double bed, bed linen provided The appartment is located in a quiet street, close to the vibrant area of Bastille (many bars and restaurants), the trendy 11th district and at a walking distance (10 min) from Le Marais
28708	"PRESENTATION Spacieux studio meublé de 35 m2 avec balcon, confortablement équipé dans une atmosphère zen. Idéalement situé entre république et place de la Bastille, proche de Saint Paul et du marais.  Situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur d’une résidence très clame, le studio est propre et très lumineux.   Check in: 14H accueil sur place pour remise des cles.  Check out: 12H  En fonction de la disponibilité, les horaires peuvent être flexibles. Spacious furnished studio 35SQM with comfortably equipped in a Zen atmosphere. Ideally located between ""Republique"" and ""Place de la Bastille"", near Saint Paul and ""Le Marais"". Situted on the third floor of the quiet residence, the studio is clean and very luminous. Check in: 14H/2:00pm according to the availability. I will welcome you on site and I can be flexible on the time.  Check out: 12H (I can be flexible according to the availability) "	"Le logement PRESENTATION Spacieux studio meublé de 35 m2 avec balcon, confortablement équipé dans une atmosphère zen. Idéalement situé entre république et place de la Bastille, proche de Saint Paul et du marais.  Situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur d’une résidence très clame, le studio est propre et très lumineux.   Check in: 14H accueil sur place pour remise des cles.  Check out: 12H  En fonction de la disponibilité, les horaires peuvent être flexibles. Spacious furnished studio 35SQM with comfortably equipped in a Zen atmosphere. Ideally located between ""Republique"" and ""Place de la Bastille"", near Saint Paul and ""Le Marais"". Situted on the third floor of the quiet residence, the studio is clean and very luminous. Check in: 14H/2:00pm according to the availability. I will welcome you on site and I can be flexible on the time.  Check out: 12H (I can be flexible according to the availability) LE STUDIO COMPREND    Kitchenette équipée : -Réfrigérateur et freezer -2 plaques électriques -F"
28709	Two rooms : a big room to be lived, a separate room and a bathroom	Ideal apartment to get back with the beloved one visits and strolls in the capital. In a nice district: nation, it is very well harmed by transport and is surrounded with restaurants and other businesses. Two rooms : a big room to be lived, a separate room and a bathroom Nation : métro ligne 1, 6, 9 et RER A I welcome you and suggest you coming along to organize your visits. Nation: a district very pleasant to live, businesses, restaurants, excellent sideboard of public transportation.
28710	Ancien atelier transformé en loft duplex. Cuisine et toilettes en rez de chaussée, chambre et salle de bains (non séparée) à l'étage et en duplex. Accès à la TV, wifi. Disponible tout le temps et réponse dans la journée. Voltaire (5 minutes à pied, métro ligne 9), entre Père Lachaise (métro lignes 2 et 3, 5 minutes à pied) et Bastille (lignes 1 et 8, 15 minutes à pied). Métro: lignes 2, 3 et 9. Bus : lignes 61 et 69. Les murs souffrent d'une peinture à refaire par endroits mais le logement est propre, calme et dans un bon quartier.  	Loft duplex sur petite cour charmante dans le 11ème. L'endroit est calme et fleuri. L'appartement est en rez de chaussée et offre charme et confort. Ancien atelier transformé en loft duplex. Cuisine et toilettes en rez de chaussée, chambre et salle de bains (non séparée) à l'étage et en duplex. Accès à la TV, wifi. Disponible tout le temps et réponse dans la journée. Voltaire (5 minutes à pied, métro ligne 9), entre Père Lachaise (métro lignes 2 et 3, 5 minutes à pied) et Bastille (lignes 1 et 8, 15 minutes à pied). Métro: lignes 2, 3 et 9. Bus : lignes 61 et 69. Les murs souffrent d'une peinture à refaire par endroits mais le logement est propre, calme et dans un bon quartier. Accès à la TV, wifi. Disponible tout le temps et réponse dans la journée. Voltaire (5 minutes à pied, métro ligne 9), entre Père Lachaise (métro lignes 2 et 3, 5 minutes à pied) et Bastille (lignes 1 et 8, 15 minutes à pied). Métro: lignes 2, 3 et 9. Bus : lignes 61 et 69.
28711	Appartement de type studio avec petite terrasse dans le 11ème arrondissement, au 1er étage d'un immeuble donnant sur jardin (un luxe à Paris). Cet appartement avec terrasse semi couverte est très lumineux et aéré et se situe à proximité immédiate de toutes les commodités (commerces, cafés, restaurants, bus, vélib, métro).  Vous disposez d'une kitchenette entièrement aménagée (cafetière électrique, réfrigérateur/congélateur, micro-ondes, plaques électriques).  La terrasse est équipée d'une table et de chaises de jardin, vous pourrez y prendre votre petit-déjeuner ou vos repas dans un décor bucolique. La pièce principale est meublée d'un clic clac avec literie neuve très confortable. Un lit supplémentaire pour 3ème personne est disponible. Un téléviseur avec grand écran plat. Accès internet, un espace où poser votre PC.  La salle de bains est neuve. Douche équipée d'un pommeau et d'une douchette flexible 3 jets. Lavabo, rangements, WC, serviettes de bains, tapis de douche, shampoing etc.	Un quartier animé entre Bastille, Nation, République et Père Lachaise. Vous aimerez ce studio avec balcon. Bus au pied de l'immeuble pour destination dans le tout Paris.  Tout est mis à disposition  pour que vous vous y sentiez comme chez vous. Appartement de type studio avec petite terrasse dans le 11ème arrondissement, au 1er étage d'un immeuble donnant sur jardin (un luxe à Paris). Cet appartement avec terrasse semi couverte est très lumineux et aéré et se situe à proximité immédiate de toutes les commodités (commerces, cafés, restaurants, bus, vélib, métro).  Vous disposez d'une kitchenette entièrement aménagée (cafetière électrique, réfrigérateur/congélateur, micro-ondes, plaques électriques).  La terrasse est équipée d'une table et de chaises de jardin, vous pourrez y prendre votre petit-déjeuner ou vos repas dans un décor bucolique. La pièce principale est meublée d'un clic clac avec literie neuve très confortable. Un lit supplémentaire pour 3ème personne est disponible. Un télé
28712		Grand appartement meublé, très clair, avec petit balcon, idéalement situé. 11ème arrondissement de Paris, à 200 mètres des métro Charonne et Alexandre Dumas. Très calme. Minimum 5 jours Le quartier de Charonne est vraiment très agréable. Très commerçante, on peut la descendre en 15 minutes et arriver... Place de la Bastille! Idéalement situé (250 mètres) entre les métros Charonne (ligne 9) et Alexandre Dumas (ligne 2)
28713	Petit Duplex Atypique	Paris dans le 12e au niveau de Place de la Nation, un jolie petit Duplex atypiques d'environ 45m2 sur 2 niveaux. Une pièce au RDC et 2 pièces a l'étage avec poutres apparantes, escalier en colimaçon, Métro, Taxis, Velib a 2 min a pied. Petit Duplex Atypique Wifi TV  Salle de bain Wc Chambres Espaces et lieux de vie  Cuisine et tous les ustensiles de cuisine  Réfrigérateur  The Café Contact direct et au téléphone en si besoin  Je reste à disposition pour pour guider, orienter dans le quartier Quartier dynamique, restaurants, cafés Espace verts ( jardins et parcs)  L'ambiance est familiale et dynamique la fois qui y règne ... A environ 15 min de Metro Tous les lieux Touristiques de Paris et les centres Culturels  :  La tour Eiffel, Montmartre, Champs Élysées, Musées.... Les petits commerces de quartiers ( boulangeries, magasins, fleuriste, cavistes, fleuriste)  Il ya de très bons restaurants réputés dans le quartier. Tous les moyens de transport à 2 min a pied Metro  Vélib Bus Taxis RER
28714	It is a studio, but very functional!  1m40 bed, small sitting area, kitchenette and bathroom. It can accommodate 2 people. There is plenty of storage space! Huge closet. Quiet studio	"Atypical renovated studio flat.  Charming apartment, characterized by its exposed beams and mezzanine. It is very functional and welcoming. It is located on the border of 4th and 11th, best and wonderful Parisian ""arrondissements"" (districts). It is a studio, but very functional!  1m40 bed, small sitting area, kitchenette and bathroom. It can accommodate 2 people. There is plenty of storage space! Huge closet. Quiet studio Internet Television Towels All my bath products at your disposal I am available for any questions. Vibrant neighborhood close to the Marais and its beautiful shops, you just have to cross the Boulevard Beaumarchais and you are in! Place des Vosges is a 5 minute walk. There is also,  Bastille at the South and Republic at the North. It's even closed from the dynamic area of Oberkampf. You never get bored! The Marais is also known for its numerous art galleries and design shops. Ligne 8 - 2 min Metro stop at ""Saint-Sébastien Froissard"" or 5 min Metro stop ""Chemin vert"" "
28715		Joli appartement situé au rez de chaussée et fond de cour. Très calme et cosy, à deux pas du faubourg saint Antoine à Voltaire L9.  Idéal pour deux personnes et parfait pour découvrir la capitale. L'accès à l'appartement est très sécurisé : il y a une porte avec un code puis une deuxième au niveau du gardien et une troisième donnant sur la cour. L'appartement est situé proche du boulevard Voltaire et du faubourg saint Antoine. Très proche de nombreux bar et magasins. L'appartement est idéalement situé desservi par la ligne 9 ainsi que les bus pour visiter la capitale facilement.
28716	It's a pleasant apartment, bright, calm and close to lot of shops. Living area : 30 sq - perfect for a couple or single visitor. I'm in 5 floor without lift but with big stairs. Lot of people feel good in my place. 	Hello,  My apartment area is around 30 sq, bright, well equiped (TV, Wifi, Kitchen, ....) Lot of shops, bar and restaurants around.  The 11 district is the best place in Paris if you are looking for restaurant, bar, nice place (Republic place). It's a pleasant apartment, bright, calm and close to lot of shops. Living area : 30 sq - perfect for a couple or single visitor. I'm in 5 floor without lift but with big stairs. Lot of people feel good in my place.  All my appartment is available. You will have the key.  About equipment (Wifi, TV, some place in my wardrobe, ...) I'm available if you need some advices. And to give you key and another explanation I like Republic Place (7 min walking), take a drinks in Caravane bar (opposite to my entrance) And the is an Italian restaurant and lot of proximity food shop.  Really good subway connections: There are 5 subway lines in Republic Place  Lines : 3/5/8/9/11  And the nearest station is Goncourt, Line 11) - 2 min walking. The building is calm
28717	"Paris 11eme, Metro Pere Lachaise very nice and bright furnished mini-loft, 48 m2 equipped kitchen (but not micro-oven), bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, living room with a ""dining part"", sofa bed, Tv, DVD, office part with internet (ADSL, WIFI) , 1 separated bedroom (bed 160 large) with ""japanese"" sliding door Fifth and last floor of a typical parisian building. Without elevator Very quiet (one side on a coutryard, one side on a little street 400 euros/week (all included); 1400 euros / month (all included). security deposit in advance Rent by cash day of arrival "	"Paris 11eme, Metro Pere Lachaise very nice and bright furnished mini-loft, 48 m2 equipped kitchen (but not micro-oven), bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, living room with a ""dining part"", sofa bed, Tv, DVD, office part with internet (ADSL, WIFI) , 1 separated bedroom (bed 160 large) with ""japanese"" sliding door Fifth and last floor of a typical parisian building. Without elevator Very quiet (one side on a coutryard, one side on a little street 400 euros/week (all included); 1400 euros / month (all included). security deposit in advance Rent by cash day of arrival "
28718	This charming studio of 32m ² is ideal for a couple. Located on the 4th floor in a leafy courtyard, the apartment is very bright and has all the necessary comforts for a pleasant stay. Its decoration, its great library, and bath makes it a great place to relax after long days of sightseeing in the capital.	This charming studio of 32m ² is ideal for a couple. Located on the 4th floor in a leafy courtyard, the apartment is very bright and has all the necessary comforts for a pleasant stay. Its decoration, its great library, and bath makes it a great place to relax after long days of sightseeing in the capital. Fully equipped, the apartment includes, a washing (email hidden) system, a large fridge-freezer and everything you need for cooking. Linen is provided, and all cleaning products. Visitors will also have access to WIFI. A person will be there to greet you on your arrival, give you the keys and answer your questions. It will be reachable at all times in case of trouble. The studio is located in the heart of Paris, 5 minutes walk from the Place de la République and the Canal Saint Martin. This is an extremely lively area still quite popular, with many bars, restaurants and shops. The day, it is very pleasant to walk along the canal or to go to the beautiful Parc des Buttes Chaumont, onl
28719	The apartment is large and airy, and is composed as follows: -Bright living-room, with a comfy sofa-bed for 2 people -Bedroom with a double bed, and space for your belongings. -The bathroom with shower -Kitchen fully equipped for cooking. Bed linen and towels are provided, and fast wifi is available. The apartment is on the 4th floor, with no elevator.	Two rooms cosy flat, typically parisian, with a nice view over the the parisian roofs. The flat is full of charm and luminous. Close to restaurants and shops, it is the perfect place to stay for a couple trip in the historical heart of Paris. The apartment is large and airy, and is composed as follows: -Bright living-room, with a comfy sofa-bed for 2 people -Bedroom with a double bed, and space for your belongings. -The bathroom with shower -Kitchen fully equipped for cooking. Bed linen and towels are provided, and fast wifi is available. The apartment is on the 4th floor, with no elevator. The flat is totally at your disposal, the building is securised by 1 coded entry systems. We remain available for all questions via email or sms, and guests will be welcomed at the apartment by our trusted housekeeper. Situated in the high part of « Le Marais », one of  the most famous and artistic areas of Paris, full of restaurants, bars,  coffees and original shops, the flat is calm but with many
28720	We love traveling with my boyfriend, and we are disappointed that Paris is a beautiful city but not very accessible because very expensive. That's why we try to offer an affordable price for students and little budget ^^ It is very well located and very well equipped.	Located on Reuilly- Diderot's metro station, between Nation and Bastille, the 25m² apartment has a living room / kitchen fully equipped, and a bedroom with a bed 160x200. The sofa can be unfolded to make a soft bed for two more persons.
28721	Charming renovated studio close to the Marais, 250m from the famous Place des Vosges. Charming intérior design (wooden beams), fitted kitchen (fridge, ceramic hob, extractor hood). Bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. The studio is on the ground floor that looks onto the street. - Bed linen and towels are provided. And a hairdryer. - Free Wifi connection.	In a quiet street on the edge of the Marais, close to the Cirque d'Hiver, this fully renovated studio is an ideal base to visit the Marais, the Bastille district, Republic and all  the small authentic places of interest of the 11th district of Paris. Charming renovated studio close to the Marais, 250m from the famous Place des Vosges. Charming intérior design (wooden beams), fitted kitchen (fridge, ceramic hob, extractor hood). Bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. The studio is on the ground floor that looks onto the street. - Bed linen and towels are provided. And a hairdryer. - Free Wifi connection. The travelers will have access to numerous restaurants connected for all the tastes, the bars and the stores. All is available near the apartment: bakery, supermarket, pharmacy, coffees ... The studio is located 5 min. walk from the Place des Vosges and a 5 min. the rue de Bretagne in the heart of the Marais. Ideal for visiting the Marais or the center of Paris . The area is full of mus
28722	Ce studio calme et  lumineux au 7eme étage avec ascenseur,vue sur les monuments de Paris ,quartier animé ,rue commerçante, restaurants, cafés ,et marché. Ce studio calme et  lumineux au 7eme étage avec ascenseur,vue sur les monuments de Paris ,quartier animé ,rue commerçante, restaurants, cafés ,et marché. Métro ligne 8,9,5 station  Oberkampf ,richard lenoir.bus ,56,(website hidden) 20 a proximité .  English spoken Métro ligne 8,9,5 station  Oberkampf ,richard lenoir.bus ,56,(website hidden) 20 a proximité . 	Ce studio calme et  lumineux au 7eme étage avec ascenseur,vue sur les monuments de Paris ,quartier animé ,rue commerçante, restaurants, cafés ,et marché. Ce studio calme et  lumineux au 7eme étage avec ascenseur,vue sur les monuments de Paris ,quartier animé ,rue commerçante, restaurants, cafés ,et marché. Ce studio calme et  lumineux au 7eme étage avec ascenseur,vue sur les monuments de Paris ,quartier animé ,rue commerçante, restaurants, cafés ,et marché. Métro ligne 8,9,5 station  Oberkampf ,richard lenoir.bus ,56,(website hidden) 20 a proximité .  English spoken Métro ligne 8,9,5 station  Oberkampf ,richard lenoir.bus ,56,(website hidden) 20 a proximité .  English spoken Métro ligne 8,9,5 station  Oberkampf ,richard lenoir.bus ,56,(website hidden) 20 a proximité . 
28723	"Your loft in a cosy artist area in the centre of Paris, where your stay will be a real experience of living in the ""Ville Lumiere"".  Handmade furniture to create a unique place.  illimited wi-fi towels and linen are provided Furnished kitchen Hot water powerful shower hair-dryer provided  1 double bed ""à la française"" in a romantic alcove Real exotic parquet on the whole apartment Two big windows make it clear all day long THE AREA: 3 floors buildings recently renewed, colorful ateliers, bars, all types restaurants make your neighbourhood an attraction for the ""cool"" people in Paris. Declared HISTORIC HERITAGE OF THE CITY the Sainte Marthe area is like a village in the centre of Paris. 15-20 minutes walk from the touristic area and le Marais (or 10 minutes by bike or 3 stops on underground)  5 minute walk from the popular Belleville (do you remember Edith Piaf, Mr Malaussene?!) and the Canal St Martin (plenty of bar bistrots and cafes, here the parisians love to picnic and hang out 7 d"	"Your loft in a cosy artist area in the centre of Paris, where your stay will be a real experience of living in the ""Ville Lumiere"".  Handmade furniture to create a unique place.  illimited wi-fi towels and linen are provided Furnished kitchen Hot water powerful shower hair-dryer provided  1 double bed ""à la française"" in a romantic alcove Real exotic parquet on the whole apartment Two big windows make it clear all day long THE AREA: 3 floors buildings recently renewed, colorful ateliers, bars, all types restaurants make your neighbourhood an attraction for the ""cool"" people in Paris. Declared HISTORIC HERITAGE OF THE CITY the Sainte Marthe area is like a village in the centre of Paris. 15-20 minutes walk from the touristic area and le Marais (or 10 minutes by bike or 3 stops on underground)  5 minute walk from the popular Belleville (do you remember Edith Piaf, Mr Malaussene?!) and the Canal St Martin (plenty of bar bistrots and cafes, here the parisians love to picnic and hang out 7 d"
28724	Beautiful duplex apartment in the district of Nation  On the second floor of a building of the 19th century. The apartment gives onto a yard, and is situated very close to  businesses (bakery, supermarkets) bars and restaurants.  5 minutes (meters 340) of the subway station NATION  The duplex apartment:  a lounge, an American kitchen, a laundry, a room , a room of bath /toilets In the lounge (17m2: a sofa 3 places can be transformed in a bed King Size, the good quality of mattress can welcome 2 persons.  Television, DVD player, internet connection WIFI  In the American cooking : completely equipped, you will find an Oven / microwaves, senseo coffee , induction a refrigerator and all the necessary dishes for 2 or 4 persons.  The laundry: a machine to wash In the floor :  The room :  a bed 140x190, quality mattress, a desk and a cupboard.  The bathroom: a shower with jets, WC/toilets and a washbasin. The necessity of sleeping  (braids, sheets, pillows) and the toilet bag (towels) sill be	Un nid douillet, bien situé pour passer plus de temps dans Paris que dans le métro.  Beautiful duplex apartment in the district of Nation  On the second floor of a building of the 19th century. The apartment gives onto a yard, and is situated very close to  businesses (bakery, supermarkets) bars and restaurants.  5 minutes (meters 340) of the subway station NATION  The duplex apartment:  a lounge, an American kitchen, a laundry, a room , a room of bath /toilets In the lounge (17m2: a sofa 3 places can be transformed in a bed King Size, the good quality of mattress can welcome 2 persons.  Television, DVD player, internet connection WIFI  In the American cooking : completely equipped, you will find an Oven / microwaves, senseo coffee , induction a refrigerator and all the necessary dishes for 2 or 4 persons.  The laundry: a machine to wash In the floor :  The room :  a bed 140x190, quality mattress, a desk and a cupboard.  The bathroom: a shower with jets, WC/toilets and a washbasin. The
28725	Appartement 35 mètres carrée. Possibilité de recevoir 3 personnes (idéal pour 2 personnes) Lit double dans la chambre et canapé-lit dans le salon. Salle de bain avec douche adjacente à la chambre. WC à part. Cuisine toute équipée et fonctionnelle, ouverte sur le salon.	Deux-pièces calme, cosy au coeur du 11ème arrondissement. Très central, dans une rue calme, donnant sur cour. A 2 pas de la place de la République, du canal Saint Martin, de la rue Oberkampf et ses nombreux restaurants branchés. Appartement 35 mètres carrée. Possibilité de recevoir 3 personnes (idéal pour 2 personnes) Lit double dans la chambre et canapé-lit dans le salon. Salle de bain avec douche adjacente à la chambre. WC à part. Cuisine toute équipée et fonctionnelle, ouverte sur le salon. WIFI TV Non présent pendant le séjour. Quartier très vivant, à 2 pas de la place de la République, du canal Saint Martin et de la rue Oberkampf (nombreux bars et restaurants branchés). Le quartier du marais est très vite accessible à pied, en bus ou en vélo.  Cimetière du père Lachaise à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Nombreux commerces à proximité. Métro ligne 3, arrêt Saint-Maur ( 1 min à pied) Bus ligne 96, arrêt Parmentier- République ( 4 min à pied). Depuis Aéroport Charles de Gaule : prendre R
28726	Cosy & calm	Cosy & calm I give you SUBWAY MAP, GOOD RESTAURANTS ADRESS ET NICE SHOPPING ADRESS ;) My flat is between ROQUETTE STREET & CHARONNE STREET which leads to BASTILLE PLACE ( 10 min walking ) 2 min walking : SUBWAY VOLTAIRE / OR CHARONNE ( line 9)  8 min walking : SUBWAY ALEXANDRE DUMAS ( line 2) 8 min walking : SUBWAY FAIDHERBE CHALIGNY ( line 8) 12 min walking : SUBWAY BASTILLE ( line (phone number hidden) min walking : THE MARAIS 1 St floor
28727		Quartier très agréable avec commerçant a proximité (boucherie, boulangerie, fromagerie...) dont l'un des meilleurs caviste à bière de Paris ouvert jusqu' a 1h du matin en semaine 4h le week end. A 5mn de nation, 10mn de Bastille, 15 mn de République.
28728	Nice and original apartment for 2 to 4 people (1 bed for 2 people in the bedroom upstairs, 1 convertible sofa in the living room). 	Cosy duplex apartment, perfect location to discover Paris! Enjoy the round living room with nice view on the city. The bedroom is upstairs. Bathroom, fully furnished kitchen, and living room with convertible sofa. Nice and original apartment for 2 to 4 people (1 bed for 2 people in the bedroom upstairs, 1 convertible sofa in the living room).  Lots of restaurants, bars, shops and central location to access to Bastile, le Marais ... On metro line 8: Ledru Rollin station 10 min walk far from Bastille or Gare de Lyon stations on metro line 1
28729	L'appartement est équipé d'une cuisine américain: lave vaisselle, four, réfrigérateur, plaque induction, lave linge.  Un lit (90x200) dans la chambre et canapé convertible pour 2 personnes au salon. Idéal famille avec un enfant. La chambre dispose:  télé, armoire, bureau.  Le salon: télé, table basse,console, qui s’ouvre et devient un vrais table de repas pour 6 et ci vous désirez plus grand: maximum 12 personnes.  A l’entrée il y a un vrais dressing.  Et si vous jouez au piano, vous étés libre de vous en servir le mien.	Ce charmant appartement se trouve  à deux pas de la place Nation,  d’où vous serez très rapidement sur les sites touristiques de Paris. Commodité de transport et des supermarchés ,  proche de  la Bastille, capacité 3 personnes, refait à neuf en 2013. L'appartement est équipé d'une cuisine américain: lave vaisselle, four, réfrigérateur, plaque induction, lave linge.  Un lit (90x200) dans la chambre et canapé convertible pour 2 personnes au salon. Idéal famille avec un enfant. La chambre dispose:  télé, armoire, bureau.  Le salon: télé, table basse,console, qui s’ouvre et devient un vrais table de repas pour 6 et ci vous désirez plus grand: maximum 12 personnes.  A l’entrée il y a un vrais dressing.  Et si vous jouez au piano, vous étés libre de vous en servir le mien. L’immeuble à deux accès: par la sorti derrière  vous aurez la possibilité de vous rendre au marché deux fois par semaine (mercredi et samedi) et par devant, juste en face de l'immeuble un grand supermarché avec son boucher
28730	L'appartement est assez frais, ce qui est idéal pour cette saison. petit immeuble de quartier typique, donnant sur une impasse. très calme et à 2 pas des bars et restos branchés de la rue oberkampf. Quartier très vivant.	36m2 close to lively Oberkampf street, Ménilmontant and Belleville, in quiet residential rue Gast. A bedroom which is pleasantly cool in summer. Fourth floor with lift, well kept building. 15 minutes from center paris. 2 Metro lines and bus 96. L'appartement est assez frais, ce qui est idéal pour cette saison. petit immeuble de quartier typique, donnant sur une impasse. très calme et à 2 pas des bars et restos branchés de la rue oberkampf. Quartier très vivant. Vous aurez le logement entier à disposition.
28731	"Loft de 90m2 dans 1 lieu atypique avec: - salon /cuisine-bar 53m2 très clair (verrière) - chambre / bureau 27m2 - salle de bain - wc séparé A 50m de la place Léon BLUM (mairie du 11ième) Métro 9 station""Voltaire"" A 10mn à pied de la place de La Bastille A 3 stations de métro des places République et Nation Repos/calme dans l'appartement et animation dans le quartier !!!"	"Loft de 90m2 dans 1 lieu atypique avec: - salon /cuisine-bar 53m2 très clair (verrière) - chambre / bureau 27m2 - salle de bain - wc séparé A 50m de la place Léon BLUM (mairie du 11ième) Métro 9 station""Voltaire"" A 10mn à pied de la place de La Bastille A 3 stations de métro des places République et Nation Repos/calme dans l'appartement et animation dans le quartier !!!"
28732	This very modern 45 sqm  2 rooms apartment, freshly renovated in january 2014, has a large, bright and cosy living room (with a double sofa bed, 140x190cm), a charming bedroom with a large double bed (160x200cm) , a separated fully equipped kitchen and very comfortable bathroom with a big shower. The building is very safe and calm with a 2 digicode (front door and elevator) and a reinforced door.  Air conditioning is available on demand in July and August but the apartment always reminds at the good temperature.	This modern, elegant and comfortable apartment is the perfect solution to discover Paris.  5 min walk from Place de la Bastille.  Perfect for 4 people, it is located in a very trendy area, with a wide selection of shops, bars and restaurants. This very modern 45 sqm  2 rooms apartment, freshly renovated in january 2014, has a large, bright and cosy living room (with a double sofa bed, 140x190cm), a charming bedroom with a large double bed (160x200cm) , a separated fully equipped kitchen and very comfortable bathroom with a big shower. The building is very safe and calm with a 2 digicode (front door and elevator) and a reinforced door.  Air conditioning is available on demand in July and August but the apartment always reminds at the good temperature. It is an ideal spot to relax after a long day’s sightseeing around the streets of Paris. There is also a flat-screen television with satellite and cable channels, telephone, DVD player and WIFI internet connection available for work and le
28733	Sa terrasse ai dernier étage avec vue sur les toits de Paris vous permettra de profiter d'un séjour parisien agréable. L'appartement a été refait par un architecte de renom et ses deux chambres dont l'une au style rétro années 50's vous accueillerons pour vous faire passer un agréable moment	Bel appartement désigné avec goût et qualité à proximité du métro, central dans Paris. Son séjour avec cuisine intégré, sa terrasse fleurie et ses deux chambres dont une avec lit Sofitel My Bed seront un havre de paix pour votre séjour. 6e et dernier étage avec ascenseur. Sa terrasse ai dernier étage avec vue sur les toits de Paris vous permettra de profiter d'un séjour parisien agréable. L'appartement a été refait par un architecte de renom et ses deux chambres dont l'une au style rétro années 50's vous accueillerons pour vous faire passer un agréable moment Deux chambres, un séjour avec cuisine intégrée et équipée, une salle de bain avec grande douche, un we séparé et une terrasse. L'appartement dispose de détecteurs de fumée, il est donc non fumeur. Nous nous efforcerons, nous ou notre famille de vous conseiller et vous accueillir au mieux pour vous faire passer un moment agréable dans notre appartement dans lequel nous habitons au quotidien. Le quartier de la rue Oberkampf est l’un
28734	Bel appartement de 35m2, clair et donnant sur cour. Il se compose d'un salon, séparé d'une cuisine par un bar et d'une chambre spacieuse. Il est tout équipé (puisque j'y habite!) et confortable.  Il comporte un lit double dans la chambre et un canapé convertible dans le salon : idéal pour 2 personnes mais peut en accueillir 4.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Nice, shinny and quiet 376 ft2 flat in Paris, with a bedroom, a living room, a kichen and a bathroom (shower). There is all is needed to live inside, since I'm living there !  There is a two-personn bed in the bedroom and a two-personn sofa in the living room : the flat is perfect for two but 4 personn can be hosted. 	Bel appartement propre et clair à 5 min de Nation et du Père Lachaise, très bien desservie (métro 1,2,6,9 et RER A).  Nice flat at the East of Paris, in the typical neibourghood of Nation and famous Pere Lachaise cimetery. Bel appartement de 35m2, clair et donnant sur cour. Il se compose d'un salon, séparé d'une cuisine par un bar et d'une chambre spacieuse. Il est tout équipé (puisque j'y habite!) et confortable.  Il comporte un lit double dans la chambre et un canapé convertible dans le salon : idéal pour 2 personnes mais peut en accueillir 4.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Nice, shinny and quiet 376 ft2 flat in Paris, with a bedroom, a living room, a kichen and a bathroom (shower). There is all is needed to live inside, since I'm living there !  There is a two-personn bed in the bedroom and a two-personn sofa in the living room : the flat is perfect for two but 4 personn can be hosted. Au cœur du XIe arrondissement, entr
28735	Flat 1st floor in a very calm street. Lot of shops (bakery, pharmacy, grocery, restaurants, bars ...) Kitchen full equipped, washing machine, television, wifi, household linen...	Apartment studio of 34m2 with separate kitchen and warm and welcoming parquet giving onto not busy alley. Subway lines 2 and 3 at the foot of the building, and subway lines 9 near. Flat 1st floor in a very calm street. Lot of shops (bakery, pharmacy, grocery, restaurants, bars ...) Kitchen full equipped, washing machine, television, wifi, household linen... Transport: Ligne 2 et 3 (Père Lachaise) Ligne 9 (Voltaire) Bus 69 Bus 61 Mail, sms, phone. Ideally placed district: transport (subway and bus) allow to go very easily in all the stations and in all the tourist places of the capital.  Quiet district, near bars and places of Parisian's outing (Oberkampf, Bastille - street of the rocket).  The apartment is in front of the Père Lachaise Cemetery which is the biggest cemetery of Paris and one of the most famous in the world. Numerous personalities are buried there low: Jim Morrison, Oscar Wilde, Edith Piaf, Molière etc.
28736	"Coming to Paris for a visit? Live like a real Parisian in my beautiful central Paris neighborhood studio. Rent this beautiful furnished studio by the day, week, or month. This is a full private studio, all for you !Please read our reviews to see what our guests have said.The studio is fully (and nicely) equipped, and perfect for a single personThe ""Haussmannian-style"" building (authentic Paris style) dates from 1850 and is in a great location, very close to the city center, but on a quiet residential street. Click on the ""guidebook"" link to read about neighborhood restaurants and sites (coming soon). TRAVEL TIMES TO MAJOR PARIS SITESPlace de la Bastille: 5 mintes walk Père Lachaise cemetery: 15 minutes walk The Marais: 5 minutes walk The Louvre: 10 minutes direct bus (from Bastille) The Eiffel Tower: 25 minutes direct metro (from Bastille)  The Champs-Elysées: 15 minutes direct metro (from Bastille)ABOUT THE STUDIOThe studio is 11m2 (120sq.ft)  and very nicely arranged (no lost space) "	"Coming to Paris for a visit? Live like a real Parisian in my beautiful central Paris neighborhood studio. Rent this beautiful furnished studio by the day, week, or month. This is a full private studio, all for you !Please read our reviews to see what our guests have said.The studio is fully (and nicely) equipped, and perfect for a single personThe ""Haussmannian-style"" building (authentic Paris style) dates from 1850 and is in a great location, very close to the city center, but on a quiet residential street. Click on the ""guidebook"" link to read about neighborhood restaurants and sites (coming soon). TRAVEL TIMES TO MAJOR PARIS SITESPlace de la Bastille: 5 mintes walk Père Lachaise cemetery: 15 minutes walk The Marais: 5 minutes walk The Louvre: 10 minutes direct bus (from Bastille) The Eiffel Tower: 25 minutes direct metro (from Bastille)  The Champs-Elysées: 15 minutes direct metro (from Bastille)ABOUT THE STUDIOThe studio is 11m2 (120sq.ft)  and very nicely arranged (no lost space) "
28737	Our flat was renovated in 2010 by an architect in the “loft spirit”. Our flat is at the 5th floor (lift), is very bright (south exposure) and quite. Indeed, the flat and its balcony open onto a garden/courtyard (vis-à-vis over 50 meters). On the balcony, deckchairs will welcome you to tan the daytime and to rest and take advantages of the view of the sky during the sunset. At only 3 minutes on foot, you have rue Saint-Maur and rue Oberkampf, well known for their good grocery’s shops, restaurants and bars.   This 3 rooms of 57 m² (614 ft²) have a huge dressing, a modern bathroom linked to the flat’s Hifi system (Italian style shower with a seat and two wash basins), a bedroom with a large bed (160*200 cm), an office and a large balcony of 8 m² / 86 ft² (one table, 4 chairs and 2 deckchairs). Indeed, you will benefit from a large screen TV, WIFI,  Hifi system and its Ipod dock, a PS3. The flat disposes of a washing/dry machine, a full equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an elliptical 	Loft, 57 m², sunny outside no face to face, trendy neighborhood (bars & restaurants), 2 bedrooms, 1 bed (queen size), ideal for a couple (with a baby eventually)  Our flat was renovated in 2010 by an architect in the “loft spirit”. Our flat is at the 5th floor (lift), is very bright (south exposure) and quite. Indeed, the flat and its balcony open onto a garden/courtyard (vis-à-vis over 50 meters). On the balcony, deckchairs will welcome you to tan the daytime and to rest and take advantages of the view of the sky during the sunset. At only 3 minutes on foot, you have rue Saint-Maur and rue Oberkampf, well known for their good grocery’s shops, restaurants and bars.   This 3 rooms of 57 m² (614 ft²) have a huge dressing, a modern bathroom linked to the flat’s Hifi system (Italian style shower with a seat and two wash basins), a bedroom with a large bed (160*200 cm), an office and a large balcony of 8 m² / 86 ft² (one table, 4 chairs and 2 deckchairs). Indeed, you will benefit from a lar
28738	L'appartement est propre, il a été repeint récemment, et offre une ambiance chaleureuse !	Il s'agit d'un 2 pièces de 34m2 situé rue Sedaine,petite rue calme du 11e arr. Salon confort,chambre très calme sur cour, grande cuisine, douche. 4e étage, très lumineux.  A 2 pas de la rue de la Roquette très animée (bar/resto). Bienvenue !    L'appartement est propre, il a été repeint récemment, et offre une ambiance chaleureuse ! Accompagné d'internet avec wifi et d'une télévision.  Je m'engage à répondre rapidement aux messages ! Quartier Bastille/Voltaire, très animé et central !  Métro ligne 9: Voltaire (2min à pied) Métro ligne 1,5,8: Bastille (7min à pied)
28739	- Internet WiFi + iMac - Washing Machine + Clothes Dryer - Full Equiped Kitchen + Microwave - Dishwasher + Coffee Machine - Metro Station Downstairs (Literally) - Public Bike Service Downstairs (Literally) - Big Supermarket Downstairs (Literally) - Very Safe Area To LIKE IT (button on top of the page) or save it in your WISH LIST will help me do this place the best place ever :) MORE ABOUT THE PICTURES: There is now a sofa-bed instead of the red armchair in the main room. ----------------------------------------------- Frequently Asked Questions Q - Hey, Marco, what's that monument we see from the window about? A - That dome, my dear guest, is the Pantheon. It's the place where all great men in the history of France are buried. You gonna have a lot of inspiration living in here! Q - Okay, I see, and are we looking South isn't it? A - Yep. Orientation is South-South-West. It means light all day, and stunning sunsets! Q - This is great! But what about this big street we are standing on? 	In the very centre of the centre of Paris, my apartment has been recently totally renewed. It may looks a little bit empty right now but it's clean, and with all comfort you need to enjoy the original experience of living the city of Paris! - Internet WiFi + iMac - Washing Machine + Clothes Dryer - Full Equiped Kitchen + Microwave - Dishwasher + Coffee Machine - Metro Station Downstairs (Literally) - Public Bike Service Downstairs (Literally) - Big Supermarket Downstairs (Literally) - Very Safe Area To LIKE IT (button on top of the page) or save it in your WISH LIST will help me do this place the best place ever :) MORE ABOUT THE PICTURES: There is now a sofa-bed instead of the red armchair in the main room. ----------------------------------------------- Frequently Asked Questions Q - Hey, Marco, what's that monument we see from the window about? A - That dome, my dear guest, is the Pantheon. It's the place where all great men in the history of France are buried. You gonna have a lot 
28740	"A few meters from Nation but in a quiet ""village"", enjoy the quiet neighborhood and the nearby metro (line 1, 2, 6, 9 and RER!) Near the Père Lachaise cemetery. Two-room apartment of 40 square meters. One bedroom with double bed and a sofa / bed in the lounge. Located on the second floor, the apartment is very sunny and particularly quiet. High speed internet available free Wifi."	"A few meters from Nation but in a quiet ""village"", enjoy the quiet neighborhood and the nearby metro (line 1, 2, 6, 9 and RER!) Near the Père Lachaise cemetery. Two-room apartment of 40 square meters. One bedroom with double bed and a sofa / bed in the lounge. Located on the second floor, the apartment is very sunny and particularly quiet. High speed internet available free Wifi."
28741	A guest studio on the second floor (G+1) in the lively 11th arrondissement, between Canal St Martin and Menilmontant/Belleville. One large 30 m2 (323 ft2) room, with en-suite bathroom, freshly renovated, will comfortably accommodate one or two guests - baby optional but welcome. 	An independent guest studio on the second floor (G+1), perfect for up to two guests and a child. Comes with english-speaking family living downstairs to make you feel at home during your stay in the lively quarter of la Folie-Méricourt. A guest studio on the second floor (G+1) in the lively 11th arrondissement, between Canal St Martin and Menilmontant/Belleville. One large 30 m2 (323 ft2) room, with en-suite bathroom, freshly renovated, will comfortably accommodate one or two guests - baby optional but welcome. The studio includes a bathroom ( with walk-in shower), a mini kitchen including a mix-mode oven, toaster, kettle, coffee maker and espresso machine (but no cooking plates), fridge and freezer.  Internet access provided via WiFi (fiber).   We can provide a baby crib and bathtub on request. The neighbourhood offers a wide array of restaurants, stores and take-away stalls, and two laundromats within a 100 meters on the same street. We will welcome you on arrival and see you out on 
28742		"We offer you our private heaven, bright and centrally located. Next to the best bars, restaurants and shops of the center of paris, about 15 min walking from the ""louvre"", 10 min walking from ""le marais"" and 5 min from ""bastille"" where u can find 3 different metro lines"
28743	This flat is a pretty and confortable appartment of 50 m2 (54 square meters. 560 square feet). It's a cosy atmosphere, and a beautifull hardwood floor. There's a confortable bed, one large table, one desk and coat-hanger. The room is separate of the living room. This appartment is allowed only for two declared guest.You have a television, dvd player, wifi connection, kitchen with hob, fridge, kettle, oven, coffee maker nespresso, toaster, blender, hairdryer, steam iron, vaccum, linen (sheets, towels) provided, umbrella, steam iron, a ink-jet printer (without ink, it's not provided). It is located in a historical quarter of Paris, next to the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery. The bus take you in a few minutes to Bastille, Place des Vosges or Gare de Lyon. Hoping to see you again soon. 	Comfortable and spacious living room, large windows, bright, quiet, lovely apartment in a historical place. You have one comfortable bedroom with a green desk, a large kitchen and living-room, a bathroom with bath.  This flat is a pretty and confortable appartment of 50 m2 (54 square meters. 560 square feet). It's a cosy atmosphere, and a beautifull hardwood floor. There's a confortable bed, one large table, one desk and coat-hanger. The room is separate of the living room. This appartment is allowed only for two declared guest.You have a television, dvd player, wifi connection, kitchen with hob, fridge, kettle, oven, coffee maker nespresso, toaster, blender, hairdryer, steam iron, vaccum, linen (sheets, towels) provided, umbrella, steam iron, a ink-jet printer (without ink, it's not provided). It is located in a historical quarter of Paris, next to the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery. The bus take you in a few minutes to Bastille, Place des Vosges or Gare de Lyon. Hoping to see you agai
28744	East view, very nice sunrise the morning through the window.	"Welcome to my home: beautiful furnished service room renovated (electricity, plumbing, double-glazed window). On a very quiet building and street. Close to the well known ""place of the Bastille"" : Shops, Bars, Restaurants, Theaters, Opera. Transportations (subway, bus) very close and easy, many stations at 5 min by feet. East view, very nice sunrise the morning through the window. I am pleased to welcome guests in my home.  Available for any informations during your stay :) Laudromat in front of the building if necessary.  The street and the building are quiet.  Close to the well known ""place of the Bastille"" : Shops, Bars, Restaurants, Theaters, Opera. Transportations (subway, bus) very close and easy, many stations at 5 min by feet."
28745	The appartment (one bed room, one kitchen, a bathroom and a living room where i will sleep) is very quiet and comfortable , in the second floor of a classic Haussmanian building. The flat is located  in a quiet street of the 11th district of Paris, situated near place de la Nation .  	Hi my name is julien,  i am renting one bedroom in my flat. I love to meet new people, i am very friendly. The appartment (one bed room, one kitchen, a bathroom and a living room where i will sleep) is very quiet and comfortable , in the second floor of a classic Haussmanian building. The flat is located  in a quiet street of the 11th district of Paris, situated near place de la Nation .  The fully equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator, one microwave, a cooker, an oven, a machine Nespresso. In the living room there are a television flat screen, and a sofa bed. The bathroom includes a shower and a bath a washing machine, iron, flies for clothes, hairdryer. The room i rent includes a double bed, a fireplace and a closet. Inclusive WiFi!  Sheets and towels are supplied. Just in 1 min on foot you will benefit from all the conveniences (Minimarket, Supermarket, Bakery, Pharmacy, traditional french restaurants, Brasseries, Pizzeria, Bar, Shops, Taxi). The closest subway station (4 min by 
28746	"In the heart of the district of Bastille, in superb Haussmanian building, 5th stage with elevator, released sight, very beautiful apartment renovated in April 2015. Discover Paris with facility thanks to its ideal situation, very close to the major touristic sites and close to ""Le Marais"". Very quiet place to relax, to take glass, or to walk around after a full day of discoveries. Arranged with much taste, beautiful design. and entirely equipped. Full equipped kitchen : Nespresso coffe maker, toaster, water boiler, microwaves oven, oven, fridge… Bathroom with shower and amenities. Slippers at disposal. maximum capacity of 4 people: 1 bed Queen size and 2 single sofa/beds. Approximately 35m2 with mezzanine/loft Apartment non smoker Kids allowed above 8 years old, because of the inside stairs. Thank you"	"In Paris near Bastille, in superb Haussmanian building, 5th stage with elevator, very beautiful apartment renovated in April 2015. Close to the major touristics sites. Design and full equipped apartment. In the heart of the district of Bastille, in superb Haussmanian building, 5th stage with elevator, released sight, very beautiful apartment renovated in April 2015. Discover Paris with facility thanks to its ideal situation, very close to the major touristic sites and close to ""Le Marais"". Very quiet place to relax, to take glass, or to walk around after a full day of discoveries. Arranged with much taste, beautiful design. and entirely equipped. Full equipped kitchen : Nespresso coffe maker, toaster, water boiler, microwaves oven, oven, fridge… Bathroom with shower and amenities. Slippers at disposal. maximum capacity of 4 people: 1 bed Queen size and 2 single sofa/beds. Approximately 35m2 with mezzanine/loft Apartment non smoker Kids allowed above 8 years old, because of the inside s"
28747	Two bedrooms with two confortable double beds! The big one is 160x200cm and the other one is 140x190cm.   A bright dinning room linked with a big living room equipped with two long sofas. Well-equipped kitchen with glass ceramic hob, oven, washing machine, dishwasher, coffeemaker, toaster and kitchen utensil.	Welcome to this big and quiet Haussmann style flat with elevator, just 2 minutes walk to the station of Nation (metro 1, 2, 6 and 9, RER A). One big bedroom and a smaller one, besides 2 big sofas in the living room. Fully equipped kitchen! Two bedrooms with two confortable double beds! The big one is 160x200cm and the other one is 140x190cm.   A bright dinning room linked with a big living room equipped with two long sofas. Well-equipped kitchen with glass ceramic hob, oven, washing machine, dishwasher, coffeemaker, toaster and kitchen utensil. The Place of Nation is one of the most connected stations in Paris. You can reach it just by 2 minutes walking from my place! 1. RER A By RER A, you can reach the very center of Paris (Châtelet-Les Halles) in 5 minutes, the Gare de Lyon in 2 minutes; by the same line, you can reach Disneyland by direct trains which take about 40 minutes. 2. Metro You have 4 metro lines at the Place of Nation: 1, 2, 6 and 9. So you can almost go everywhere in Par
28748	Parfait pour 2 couples, ou avec des enfants : les enfants bénéficient d'une réduction de 50%. Appartement comme neuf, les 2 pièces et la cuisine ouvrent sur une terrasse sur le jardin privé de la résidence. Cuisine moderne et équipée, baignoire et douche, wc indépendant. Placards, armoires, tables, etc.  Literies en parfait état. Lave-linge, draps, serviettes, sèche cheveux etc.	Street of the ROQUETTE - metro Pere Lachaise, and Voltaire ; near LA BASTILLE :  appartement in excellent condition and very :-) clean - 6th floor 2 elevators, rooms and terrace full South on garden interior : Sun and calm 24 h x 24 -  2 double beds
28749	Studio of ideal size for a single person or a couple. At the 3th floor of a 5-floor building (no elevator), in a pedestrian, quiet and flowered street in the 11th district of Paris. The studio is close to many touristic places (Bastille square, Père Lachaise cemetery, Saint-Martin canal...), shops (restaurants, coffees, supermarkets, banks...) and public transports which allow to get quickly and easily to any place in Paris! This studio is quiet, luminous and offers an excellent value for money !	Studio of 19 m² in a pedestrian and typically Parisian street. Totally renovated at the end of 2014 and perfectly equipped, this studio is ideal for 2 persons coming to Paris for a few days, weeks or months in Paris! Studio of ideal size for a single person or a couple. At the 3th floor of a 5-floor building (no elevator), in a pedestrian, quiet and flowered street in the 11th district of Paris. The studio is close to many touristic places (Bastille square, Père Lachaise cemetery, Saint-Martin canal...), shops (restaurants, coffees, supermarkets, banks...) and public transports which allow to get quickly and easily to any place in Paris! This studio is quiet, luminous and offers an excellent value for money ! This studio is not to be shared. Hoping I'll have the pleasure to host you, I'll be glad to provide you help and advices to make your stay in Paris unforgettable! The 11th district is both typically parisian (with so many restaurants, bars and streets dedicated to fun) and very fa
28750	RELAX YOU HAVE FOUND THE BEST DEAL IN PARIS :) DEAR GUEST, PLEASE READ THIS before chating it will help us not to loose time : Despite the small size of this little studio (14m2) it is a very pleasant pied a terre.  At the 7th floor of a modern upmarket residence constructed by the architect Roger Anger in 1969 it has a nice bay window that offers a nice open view of Paris.The flat offers a very quiet environment, facing the private park of the residence, lots of sky, no street is visible. Very luminous, the studio has all the confort of a big one with a little americain kitchen with an induction cooktop, a fridge with a little freezer***, a sink with plenty of space on the friendly central wooden worktop. The little bathroom has a mosaique shower and a toilet. It has been renovated 2 years ago. There is an Ikea fold out bed with a brand new very comfortable mattress (sept 2013).  I provide the sheets and 2 towels per person. It has a collective heating system so it is always very warm	Despite the small size of this little studio (14m2) it is a very pleasant pied a terre.  At the 7th floor of a modern upmarket residence it has a nice bay window that offers open view of Paris.The flat offers a very quiet environment, facing the private park of the residence, lots of sky, no street is visible. Very luminous, the studio has all the confort of a big one with an induction cooktop, a fridge with a little freezer***, a sink with plenty of space on the friendly central wooden worktop.  RELAX YOU HAVE FOUND THE BEST DEAL IN PARIS :) DEAR GUEST, PLEASE READ THIS before chating it will help us not to loose time : Despite the small size of this little studio (14m2) it is a very pleasant pied a terre.  At the 7th floor of a modern upmarket residence constructed by the architect Roger Anger in 1969 it has a nice bay window that offers a nice open view of Paris.The flat offers a very quiet environment, facing the private park of the residence, lots of sky, no street is visible. Ver
28751	Appartement rénové en 2015. Une chambre de 15 m2 sur une cour calme et un vaste séjour donnant sur cette même cour, classée et arborée.  Petite cuisine,lumineuse, équipée et séparée. Salle d'eau +wc .Nombreux rangements.	Appartement de 60 m2, bien situé près de la Bastille et du Marais I Vaste séjour donnant sur une jolie cour classée et arborée. Immeuble ancien  bien entretenu, au calme : la campagne à Paris ! Arrêt de bus devant la porte et  métro à moins de 3 mn. Appartement rénové en 2015. Une chambre de 15 m2 sur une cour calme et un vaste séjour donnant sur cette même cour, classée et arborée.  Petite cuisine,lumineuse, équipée et séparée. Salle d'eau +wc .Nombreux rangements. tout l'appartement Anglais  Espagnol Français  Disponible pour vous aider et vous accompagner lors de votre séjour. Rue calme dans quartier commerçant. Vous pouvez vous rendre à pied par   la rue de la Roquette à la  Bastille et à la rue de Lappe, rendez vous desnoctambules  : restaurants, bars,  discothèques. Faites un tour  au cimetière du Père Lachaise , et  promenez vous le long du canal St Martin . La place des Vosges n' est pas loin . Bus 69 au pied de l 'immeuble desservant : la Bastille ,Le Marais , Hôtel de ville  
28752	I live in a Hausmanien building with my two children which is conveniently located at the Metro station Menilmontant (Paris 75011). Within a walking distance to the Père Lachaise cemetery, Belleville and Republique, the neighborhood offers many shops, supermarkets etc., but also many entertainments: restaurants, bars, cultural spaces (la Bellevilloise, la maroquinerie, etc.) The apartment consists of a large living room and a good sized entrance hall, two bedrooms, small kitchen and shower room. Parquet flooring in every room expect the kitchen (terracotta floors). The apartment is ideal for a group or a family of 4/5 people It is located on the 4th floor (small elevator). The living room overlooks the Boulevard de Ménilmontant and the bedrooms are very quiet since they overlook the inner courtyard side. Equipment: gas cooker, washing machine, mini oven, Imac Discover popular and trendy Paris !!	Apartment located in front of the subway Ménilmontant (line 2). Close to the Père Lachaise, Belleville and Republic. Two bedrooms, a small kitchen and a small bathroom (shower). flooring in all rooms. For 4/5 people. I live in a Hausmanien building with my two children which is conveniently located at the Metro station Menilmontant (Paris 75011). Within a walking distance to the Père Lachaise cemetery, Belleville and Republique, the neighborhood offers many shops, supermarkets etc., but also many entertainments: restaurants, bars, cultural spaces (la Bellevilloise, la maroquinerie, etc.) The apartment consists of a large living room and a good sized entrance hall, two bedrooms, small kitchen and shower room. Parquet flooring in every room expect the kitchen (terracotta floors). The apartment is ideal for a group or a family of 4/5 people It is located on the 4th floor (small elevator). The living room overlooks the Boulevard de Ménilmontant and the bedrooms are very quiet since they ov
28753	The apartment  A comfortable, clean and well-located apartment in a trendy parisian ‘arrondissement’.  6th floor without lift. - Lounge : wooden floor, sofa, little table, iPad and WiFi.  - Kitchen: fridge/freezer, coffee machine (Nespresso), blender, induction hob and washing machine.  - 1 bedroom with double bed (linen provided) and Space to store your clothes.  - 1 bathroom with shower and toilets (towels provided).  Location:  Close to many facilities : Subway (3 îliens : 3, 2, 9), supermarket, bakery, restaurants, bars.  It is a really good place because very easy to go and central. Lots of bars and restaurants close to the flat ! A REAL Parisian place ! Ignore you want advices regarding restaurants, places or anything, Judy ask. I'll be happy to help ! - 1 minute walk to the metro: Saint Maur station – line 3: République, Opéra, Galeries Lafayette stations.  - 3 minute walk to rue Oberkampf (many restaurants and bars)  - 10 minutes walk to Place de la République or Père Lachaise 	Deux pièces calme et ensoleillé proche du métro, des bars, des restaurants et des quartiers sympa de Paris !  Vue sur les toits, cuisine équipée, l'appartement peut loger deux personnes, pour de courts ou de longs séjours.  Venez visiter ! The apartment  A comfortable, clean and well-located apartment in a trendy parisian ‘arrondissement’.  6th floor without lift. - Lounge : wooden floor, sofa, little table, iPad and WiFi.  - Kitchen: fridge/freezer, coffee machine (Nespresso), blender, induction hob and washing machine.  - 1 bedroom with double bed (linen provided) and Space to store your clothes.  - 1 bathroom with shower and toilets (towels provided).  Location:  Close to many facilities : Subway (3 îliens : 3, 2, 9), supermarket, bakery, restaurants, bars.  It is a really good place because very easy to go and central. Lots of bars and restaurants close to the flat ! A REAL Parisian place ! Ignore you want advices regarding restaurants, places or anything, Judy ask. I'll be happy t
28754	un loft de charme dans un passage d'artiste du 11eme arrondissement	Belle chambre avec entrée indépendante à PARIS bastille le marais a 10 mn a pied .  Trés belle déco et calme , trés lumineuse. 3 etage d'un immeuble ancien de charme . lit en 160 . petit gueridon, Tv et fauteuil , meuble de rangement . NON fumeur Belle chambre avec entrée indépendante à PARIS bastille le marais a 10 mn a pied .  Trés belle déco et calme , trés lumineuse. 3 etage d'un immeuble ancien de charme . lit en 160 . petit gueridon, Tv et fauteuil , meuble de rangement . NON fumeur un loft de charme dans un passage d'artiste du 11eme arrondissement metro ledru rollin ou voltaire par mail ou tel calme, bobo, arty,le marché d'aligre etc ... metro a 100 m + bus pas de bruit dans les escaliers aprés 22h , j'aime mes voisins et je ne veux pas les deranger pas de bruit dans les escaliers aprés 22h , j'aime mes voisins et je ne veux pas les deranger
28755	it's my personnal apartment that i rent when i am abroad so it's fully equipped :-)	A small decent fully equipped apartment of 35 m2 in Paris situated in the middle between Rébuplique, Nation, and Bastille square. One bedroom with double size bed. sitting room with a large convertible couch. A small kitchen. And a bathroom. it's my personnal apartment that i rent when i am abroad so it's fully equipped :-) a lot of super market and grosseries arround. Simple and direct access to 4 subway stations (3 lines) Very near to the center of Paris (15 minutes walking). 2 minutes from père lachaise cemetery.
28756		Our apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris right next to the place : La Bastille! The apartment is in a cute quite street and in the meantime next to a lot of restaurants, bars, shops and cinema !  The inside is really comfy and cosy !
28757		Hello friends travelers! I suggest you taking my place for 3 weeks in my studio of 20m2 ideally situated in PARIS 11ème (Bastille - Voltaire - Père Lachaise). You will find all the necessary furniture and the equipment there to be there good!
28758	L'emplacement idéal de l'appartement rendront tous vos déplacements et visites de Paris simples et rapides. Son côté authentique et cosy vous permettra de vous reposer et d'apprécier les charmes de la capitale sans stress. 	Chambre privée dans un appartement de 50 m2  qui donne sur cour. Quartier agréable à 30 secondes de la place de la nation (métro ligne 1, 2, 6, 9, RER A et nombreux bus) et à 10 minutes à pied de Bastille. L'emplacement idéal de l'appartement rendront tous vos déplacements et visites de Paris simples et rapides. Son côté authentique et cosy vous permettra de vous reposer et d'apprécier les charmes de la capitale sans stress. Vous aurez accès au salon, cuisines, salle de bain et sanitaires. Nous serons heureux de vous accueillir et de vos assister selon vos besoins. Nous vous donnerons tous les trucs et astuces pour que le temps de votre séjour, vous soyez de réels parisiens. En vous baladant dans les ruelles vous trouverez une réelle vie de cartier avec ses cafés, restaurants, bars, supermarchés, tabacs, pharmacies, etc. Vous serez aussi à 10 minute à pied ou 5 minutes à vélo des quartiers de Bastille et Oberkampf, centres des nuits parisiennes. A 15 minutes du centre de Paris. Depuis 
28759	Apartement really close to Le Marais, close to three metro stations (Oberkampf,  Filles du calvaire et Parmentier). There are also around (2 minutes by walk) 5 Velib Station and many buses lines.  It is situated in a commercial street (bakeries, butcher shop, supermarkets, cheese shop, wine shop...).  Two open air markets take place tuesdays and fridays at the corner of the street.   The area is calm and safe.  The aparment is situated in an old building with digicode, at the 3rd floor with no lift.  It is an  apartement of  54m², well isolated because of double glazing.  The open kitchen has  2 hotplates, an oven, a  toaster, and a washing machine. (You will also find an iron if needed).  The bathroom, situated in the room, has a shower. Toilettes are separated.  In the room : a large bed (140 x 200 cm).  In the lougne/diningroom : a table (six persons can be around), a sofa bed for two persons.  Sheets and towels are included.  You will have access to Internet by Wifi, TV.	Appartement very clear, right  in the center of Paris  between Bastille and République, 5 minutes walk to Le Marais à pied and 20 minutes walk to  Beaubourg (Centre Pompidou).  Perfect for 2 or 3 personnes, 4 maxi.  Apartement really close to Le Marais, close to three metro stations (Oberkampf,  Filles du calvaire et Parmentier). There are also around (2 minutes by walk) 5 Velib Station and many buses lines.  It is situated in a commercial street (bakeries, butcher shop, supermarkets, cheese shop, wine shop...).  Two open air markets take place tuesdays and fridays at the corner of the street.   The area is calm and safe.  The aparment is situated in an old building with digicode, at the 3rd floor with no lift.  It is an  apartement of  54m², well isolated because of double glazing.  The open kitchen has  2 hotplates, an oven, a  toaster, and a washing machine. (You will also find an iron if needed).  The bathroom, situated in the room, has a shower. Toilettes are separated.  In the ro
28760	Nice room of 15 m2 with 2 persons bed, overlooking a courtyard, calm and informed. In a large Parisian apartment (85m2) in which we live in two Oberkampf area in central Paris. The apartment contains a lounge, three bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom and separate toilet. Wifi, TV, kitchen, bathroom with tub.	Very nice room in a Haussmann apartment on the 4th floor, comfortable, nice decor, friendly service, warm and dynamic. Come share your experiences with us, we are open to fun and adventure! we are waiting for you! Nice room of 15 m2 with 2 persons bed, overlooking a courtyard, calm and informed. In a large Parisian apartment (85m2) in which we live in two Oberkampf area in central Paris. The apartment contains a lounge, three bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom and separate toilet. Wifi, TV, kitchen, bathroom with tub.
28761		Light and pleasant flat in a very lovely district, 2 rooms, 30 M2 : Connected bars of Oberkampf district, shopping with bakeries, butcher's shops, dairies, book shop, ..... 15 min by foot from Bastille, Le Marais, République, Père Lachaise!
28762	I am renting a very nice and quiet flat with 2 rooms located in the heart of Paris: it is in an Haussmanian style building located just in front of the metro station Oberkampf (paris 11 - lines 5 and 11), 5 minutes far away from the station Republique (lines 11, 9, 5, 3, 8).  Oberkampf is a very lively place. It is between Belleville, Menilmontant (great popular areas, further up) and Le Marais (beautiful place, a bit poshy, central and lively even on sundays, the most historic and culturally enhanced area of Paris). Also close to Bastille (3 metro stations far away). The flat is very quiet as the windows look onto a beautiful courtyard. It is ideal for couples and there is space for two people: one double bed in a private room, and a living room, a separate kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets.  The flat is furnished: tableware, washing machine, clothes dryer, WIFI... There is a superstore just outside of the building, a bakery, a sushi shop, a wine shop, a pharmacy on the same st	I am renting a very nice and quiet flat with 2 rooms located in the heart of Paris: it is in an Haussmanian style building located just in front of the metro station Oberkampf (paris 11 - lines 5 and 11), 5 minutes far away from the station Republique (lines 11, 9, 5, 3, 8).  Oberkampf is a very lively place. It is between Belleville, Menilmontant (great popular areas, further up) and Le Marais (beautiful place, a bit poshy, central and lively even on sundays, the most historic and culturally enhanced area of Paris). Also close to Bastille (3 metro stations far away). The flat is very quiet as the windows look onto a beautiful courtyard. It is ideal for couples and there is space for two people: one double bed in a private room, and a living room, a separate kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets.  The flat is furnished: tableware, washing machine, clothes dryer, WIFI... There is a superstore just outside of the building, a bakery, a sushi shop, a wine shop, a pharmacy on the same st
28763	"50 m2 ( 538 ft 2 ), 1 room available in a lovely 2 bedroom appartment on 2th floor in bourgeois building located in the heart of Paris between the ""Place de la Bastille"" and ""Place de la Republique"". in the art of the galleries neighborhood of Paris.  Includes: 4 main areas: 2 BEDROOMS ( 1 occupied now, and 1 available for you )  LIVING ROOM, 1 EQUIPPED KITCHEN,  1 Bathroom. The appartment is welcoming and warm. including wifi, TV and queen-size bed. Very Well-situated in the famous 11th district. Nearest subway station and bus station: 3 minutes walking from the appartment. Several stations ( line 9, 8, 5, 1). Several Velib station ( bikes in common share around paris ). Near to the appartement you have: The famous centre Georges Pompidou ( 10 minutes walking ), Place de la Bastille ( 10 minutes Walking ), Hotel de ville ( 10 minutes walking ) ... LE MARAIS!"	"50 m2 ( 538 ft 2 ), 1 room available in a lovely 2 bedroom appartment on 2th floor in bourgeois building located in the heart of Paris between the ""Place de la Bastille"" and ""Place de la Republique"". in the art of the galleries neighborhood of Paris.  Includes: 4 main areas: 2 BEDROOMS ( 1 occupied now, and 1 available for you )  LIVING ROOM, 1 EQUIPPED KITCHEN,  1 Bathroom. The appartment is welcoming and warm. including wifi, TV and queen-size bed. Very Well-situated in the famous 11th district. Nearest subway station and bus station: 3 minutes walking from the appartment. Several stations ( line 9, 8, 5, 1). Several Velib station ( bikes in common share around paris ). Near to the appartement you have: The famous centre Georges Pompidou ( 10 minutes walking ), Place de la Bastille ( 10 minutes Walking ), Hotel de ville ( 10 minutes walking ) ... LE MARAIS!"
28764	appartement type loft avec chambre et salle de bain isolé  90m2 tout équipé, très fonctionnel 	appartement type loft avec chambre et salle de bain isolé  90m2 tout équipé, très fonctionnel 
28765	Flat very comfortable for 2 + 1 persons. The Flat is located on the 4th floor, WIHTOUT ELEVATOR, of a very well maintained and typical parisian building. The living room has a real bed for 1 person, the room has a bed for 2 persons and  pillows and duvet are in goose down. You lay out of a settee, of a small table, a deck chair, several lamps vintage, the radio and of a reader CD.	The flat, 50m2, has a full kitchen equipped dishwasher, washing machine, fridge, fan, coffee machine, all the cooking utensils, and basic spices you can use. The living has a real bed for 1 person, the room has a queen bed for 2 persons. (2 + 1) Flat very comfortable for 2 + 1 persons. The Flat is located on the 4th floor, WIHTOUT ELEVATOR, of a very well maintained and typical parisian building. The living room has a real bed for 1 person, the room has a bed for 2 persons and  pillows and duvet are in goose down. You lay out of a settee, of a small table, a deck chair, several lamps vintage, the radio and of a reader CD. Guests have access at all the flat : the open kitchen, spacious bathroom with her bath-tub, toilets separated. Internet WIFI available. Dishwasher, washing machine, fridge, fan, coffee machine,tea, basic cooking utensils, and basic spices you are welcome to use. Hardwood floor throughout even in kitchen and bathroom. I provide all the necessary linens, hair dryer, a d
28766	Deux-pièces cosy, typiquement parisien au cœur du 11ème. Au fond d'une grande cour, calme absolu, dans un quartier vivant et animé.  A 2mn de deux stations de métro, et bus en face de l'immeuble qui vous dépose à St Michel, St Germain des Prés ! L'avantage de ce charmant appart ? Il est situé au fond d'une cour donc au calme tout en étant au cœur d'un quartier très animé !  La cour est assez incroyable, les voisins sont calmes et l'appartement est très fonctionnel .  Vous aurez à disposition pour vos petits déjeuners : Grille-pain/cafetière/presse-agrumes etc... Linge de lit propre et mis en place pour votre arrivée, serviettes de toilette à disposition. Vous pourrez utiliser mon ordinateur ainsi que mon piano également pour les musiciens ! Bref cet appartement est central, calme et très cosy.  Je rencontrerai les voyageurs pour  la remise des clefs et explications diverses sur le fonctionnement de l'appartement. Et je laisserai un plan du quartier à disposition avec les points essenti	Deux-pièces cosy, typiquement parisien au cœur du 11ème. Au fond d'une grande cour, calme absolu, dans un quartier vivant et animé. Deux-pièces cosy, typiquement parisien au cœur du 11ème. Au fond d'une grande cour, calme absolu, dans un quartier vivant et animé.  A 2mn de deux stations de métro, et bus en face de l'immeuble qui vous dépose à St Michel, St Germain des Prés ! L'avantage de ce charmant appart ? Il est situé au fond d'une cour donc au calme tout en étant au cœur d'un quartier très animé !  La cour est assez incroyable, les voisins sont calmes et l'appartement est très fonctionnel .  Vous aurez à disposition pour vos petits déjeuners : Grille-pain/cafetière/presse-agrumes etc... Linge de lit propre et mis en place pour votre arrivée, serviettes de toilette à disposition. Vous pourrez utiliser mon ordinateur ainsi que mon piano également pour les musiciens ! Bref cet appartement est central, calme et très cosy.  Je rencontrerai les voyageurs pour  la remise des clefs et exp
28767	- The main room is Haussmann type with two twin windows, flooring, paneling, moldings, Prussian stove, two sofas (one of them is a double sofa bed), coffee table, two armchairs, a big table for eating, a book library, a video library and a globe bar. - An equipped kitchen (refrigerator, microwave, electric kettle, coffee machine or press with coffee, toast grill, cooker with hobs and oven, dishwasher, washing machine). You can also find an extra place with house cleaning products and a vacuum. - The first bedroom of Haussmann type with a double window, hardwood floors, moldings, fireplace and large mirror suspended: 1 double bed (140 x 190 cm), 1 dresser and 1 desk. - The second one with 1 double-window, hardwood floor, 1 double bed (140 x 190 cm), 1 shelf and 1 desk. - The third one of Hausmann type with a twin window, hardwood floor, moldings, 1 double bed (140*190 cm), 1 shelf, 1 wardrobe, 1 library, 1 desk. - Independant bathroom (bath and shower, towel dryer, hair dryer) - Indepen	Bright and spaceful apartment of 4 rooms (75m2). We live at the third floor in an typical haussmann flat with an elevator. In a vibrant neighbourhood, in the heart of Paris near to St-Ambroise and Parmentier stations. 10 mn to Republique / Bastille. - The main room is Haussmann type with two twin windows, flooring, paneling, moldings, Prussian stove, two sofas (one of them is a double sofa bed), coffee table, two armchairs, a big table for eating, a book library, a video library and a globe bar. - An equipped kitchen (refrigerator, microwave, electric kettle, coffee machine or press with coffee, toast grill, cooker with hobs and oven, dishwasher, washing machine). You can also find an extra place with house cleaning products and a vacuum. - The first bedroom of Haussmann type with a double window, hardwood floors, moldings, fireplace and large mirror suspended: 1 double bed (140 x 190 cm), 1 dresser and 1 desk. - The second one with 1 double-window, hardwood floor, 1 double bed (140 x 
28768	Wooden floor, mouldings, and overlooking on a quiet backyard	"Take advantage of a calm  apartment nearby a bourgeois bohême area; One of the greatest locations in this authentic Parisian neighborhood, the apartment is very cute  and will be a haven to you. In between 3 very convenient metro lines. Wooden floor, mouldings, and overlooking on a quiet backyard Air Conditioning WIFI,  UK / US adapter on demand Umbrella on demand Kitchen facilities  (fridge, kettle, stove, toaster, microwave, coffee machine, teapot, etc...) There's coffee or tea for breakfast. Farmers' market on Tue.&Fri. A large map of Paris streets on the wall. How much you wish to ! I just love the 11th, lingering along the Canal is great. It's 200m away from Place de la République  I love biking but there  are several Metro stops:  République (line 3, 5, 8, 9) //  Oberkampf (line 5 & 9) //  Parmentier (line 3) BUS 96 (direct to Le Marais, Châtelet, St Michel, Latin Quarter, Montparnasse) FROM CHARLES DE GAULLE AIRPORT - CDG Take ""Train to Paris"" (RER B) to Gare du Nord then to the"
28769	Une grande chambre en hémicycle de 27 m2 au sein d'une collocation de 110 m2(Alix,jeune demoiselle de 25 ans, et Mathieu 25 ans également et un ptit chat de 4 mois) en plein centre de Paris, 3 grandes fenêtres orienté Sud ouest. Un grand lit 2 places et des rangements.	En plein cœur de Paris, Une belle et grande chambre en hémicycle de 27 m2 au sein d'une collocation agréable de 110m2. 3 fenêtres orienté sud ouest, Grand lit, des rangements  Une grande chambre en hémicycle de 27 m2 au sein d'une collocation de 110 m2(Alix,jeune demoiselle de 25 ans, et Mathieu 25 ans également et un ptit chat de 4 mois) en plein centre de Paris, 3 grandes fenêtres orienté Sud ouest. Un grand lit 2 places et des rangements. Proche métro : Oberkampf/république. La chambre et à louer pendant mes déplacements je ne serais donc présent que lors de l'emménagement. Plein cœur de Paris, proche tout commerce, proche du quartier du marais. Station Oberkampf ou République (logement au croisement du boulevard Voltaire et Jean Pierre Timbaud
28770	The apartment is bright and spacious. It has one bedroom with a double bed as well as a very comfortable pull out couch for 2 in the living room. WIFI available from  every room. The neighborhood where the apartment is situated is typically Parisian with lots of shops, trendy bars and restaurants. 	L'appartement est lumineux et spacieux idéal pour un couple ou 4 personnes car la chambre est bien isolée. Le quartier est typiquement parisien avec beaucoup de commerces et de lieux sympas à proximité.  The apartment is bright and spacious. It has one bedroom with a double bed as well as a very comfortable pull out couch for 2 in the living room. WIFI available from  every room. The neighborhood where the apartment is situated is typically Parisian with lots of shops, trendy bars and restaurants. Just a few steps from 2 metro stations (line 3 Parmentier and line 9 Oberkampf), which offer very easy access to all of Paris. Nearby rue Oberkampf famous for these bars and nice restaurants! Soit par la station Oberkampf ligne 9 ou la station Parmentier ligne 3 There is 2 metro stations just 2 steps from the apartment, Oberkampf (line 9) and Parmentier (line 3)
28771	Entre Bastille et République... un appartement calme et lumineux, dans un immeuble typique du 11°. Quartier vivant avec tous commerces à moins de 2 mn....  	"Entre Bastille et République.... Appt 60m2, calme & lumineux, dans 1 immeuble typique du 11°. Quartier vivant avec tous commerces à moins de 2 mn. Très central, 4 lignes de métro à proximité. Chambre privative avec lit ""Queen Size"".  SDB à partager. Entre Bastille et République... un appartement calme et lumineux, dans un immeuble typique du 11°. Quartier vivant avec tous commerces à moins de 2 mn.... Between Bastille and Republic... Bright in a typical building of 11 ° . Quartier living with less than 2 minutes to shops and quiet apartment, 5 minutes by foot from republic15 minutes on foot from the swamp, 20 mn by metro to central chatelet. tres, 3 metro lines: L9, L5 and L3. bathroom to share. Passionné de photo, je peux également organiser un shooting pendant votre séjour, à votre demande. Profiter de la vie du quartier ! - Marché Richard Lenoir - Les rues animées de Bastille - Le Haut-Marais, ses musées, ses boutiques et ses hôtels particuliers,  - le canal St-Martin à 10 mn à pied"
28772		Sunny bedroom with a double bed in a flat in the city center of Paris. Ideally located just a walk away from Le Marais, République and Bastille. All-equipped kitchen, bathroom and living room. Three other French people live in the flat!
28773	Lovely apartment, typically Parisian style, wooden floor, 2 fire places. The apartment has been restored and mixed modern style with woodeen furnitures. The bedroom has a king size bed, a desk, a large dressing, perfect for a good night quiet and relaxing away from the parisian rush. The lounge ownes a sofa bed (for 2 persons), a table with 2 chairs, the lounge is open to the kitchen, the latter has plenty of kitchenwares, you will enjoy to cook. Apartment 	Situated nearby Charonne, Bastille & Oberkampf, this lovely 2 rooms apartment- 40m2- is ideally placed to explore heart of Paris. it has a been renovated and have all furnitures (TV, Internet, oven, washing machine) to make your stay unforgettable. Lovely apartment, typically Parisian style, wooden floor, 2 fire places. The apartment has been restored and mixed modern style with woodeen furnitures. The bedroom has a king size bed, a desk, a large dressing, perfect for a good night quiet and relaxing away from the parisian rush. The lounge ownes a sofa bed (for 2 persons), a table with 2 chairs, the lounge is open to the kitchen, the latter has plenty of kitchenwares, you will enjoy to cook. Apartment  I will welcome you. Check in 1:00 PM Check out: at noon Early check in/ late check out are subject to availability. Attractive area, lot of life in this neighborhood. plenty of  restaurants, bars.  the street Léon Frot is one of my favorite street, we will appreciate the restaurant Jacque
28774	The place is very bright, quiet and convenient, with an open living area. Ideal for a couple.  It's located on the 4th floor, no elevator.	32 m2 one-bedroom apartment in a very quiet street. Easy to reach in public transportations with several metro ligns. The working-class neighborhood is very lively with many bars and restaurants. The place is very bright, quiet and convenient, with an open living area. Ideal for a couple.  It's located on the 4th floor, no elevator. A fully equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, hob, fridge, freezer, washer-dryer  TV and internet, of course. Most of the time, I'm here to welcome travelers, introduce them to the apartment and give them directions for restaurants, bars or any other useful info. the area is popular and lively, the atmosphere is very friendly.   Many small bars and restaurants. Several metro stations: lign 2: Couronnes station lign 3: Parmentier lign 11: Goncourt
28775	perfect for a couple or 3 pals on budget : Queen size double sofa bed + Single sofa bed  Private bathroom: toilet, shower, hair-dryer. Towels and linens are furnished without surcharge. In order to have a prompt check-in, it is very important that you text us as soon as you arrive at the airport /train station in Paris so that we can arrange for a meeting time. 	Cosy and very convenient studio apartments, 2 minutes from Ledru Rollin metro, nice location. Five minutes walk from the famous Place de La Bastille and Marais quarter perfect for a couple or 3 pals on budget : Queen size double sofa bed + Single sofa bed  Private bathroom: toilet, shower, hair-dryer. Towels and linens are furnished without surcharge. In order to have a prompt check-in, it is very important that you text us as soon as you arrive at the airport /train station in Paris so that we can arrange for a meeting time.  Please feel free to contact us if you wish to have an early check-in or a late check-out.  Early arriving clients can drop their luggage in the apartment starting from 11 am (depending previous guest).  We will be welcome by Joey a friend helping us for check-in. Joey speaks english.
28776	Appartement en colocation.  Chambre avec lit double, table à manger et rangements. Cuisine équipée d'un four, frigidaire,  plaques chauffantes, machine à laver.  Salle de bain avec WC, douche et lavabo. Un rideau isole la chambre du reste de l'appartement.	Chambre lumineuse et confortable dans un appartement en colocation, idéale pour une personne voyageant seule. Appartement en colocation.  Chambre avec lit double, table à manger et rangements. Cuisine équipée d'un four, frigidaire,  plaques chauffantes, machine à laver.  Salle de bain avec WC, douche et lavabo. Un rideau isole la chambre du reste de l'appartement. Chambre, cuisine et salle de bain Quartier animé et sympa pour sortir, avec de nombreux bars et restaurants dans les rues adjacentes.  L'appartement est situé à 10 minutes du parc de Belleville, 15 minutes du canal Saint Martin ou des Buttes-Chaumont. Métro Belleville (lignes 2 et 11) Bus (96, 75, 46) Bus de nuit (N23 et N12)
28777	Very nice and cosy apartment. Ideally located in the 11th district of Paris (2 minutes away from Rue Roquette and Bastille.) One bedroom available, access to the living room, kitchen, and bathroom.	Ideally located in the 11th (Roquette Discrict), close to shops, restaurants, cafes, bars, metro, etc. Very convenient apartment. I'll be here during the weekend and you'll have access to my roomate bedroom, bathroom, kitchen and lounge. Very nice and cosy apartment. Ideally located in the 11th district of Paris (2 minutes away from Rue Roquette and Bastille.) One bedroom available, access to the living room, kitchen, and bathroom. Access to double bedroom, bathroom, kitchen and lounge. I'll be here during the weekend. I can help you to enjoy Paris or leave you alone as you prefer. Proximity with shops, restaurants, cafes, bars, metro, etc. Roquette is a nice area to hang out during the day or by night and to start a nice walk in Paris Very closed to metro line 9 (connected to Gare Saint Lazare, Champs Elysée, Tour Eiffel...). Proximity with metro line 1. Also bus 61 (connected to Gare de Lyon and Gare d'Austerlitz), bus 46 (connected to Gare du Nord) bus 69, bus 76.
28778	Le confort et la décoration ont été privilégiés. Confort : matelas neuf, baignoire, four multi-fonction, bouilloire électrique, sèche cheveux, lave-linge séchant... Décoration : des tableaux et des sculptures du monde entier, de la couleur, beaucoup de détails.	21 m2 bien organisé. Très confortable. Décoration raffinée. Banquette BZ pour 2 (neuve). Clair et calme.  4ème étage sans asc. 170 m du métro. Dans une rue très vivante, de nombreux bars, restaurants et boutiques branchées mais sur cour fleurie. Le confort et la décoration ont été privilégiés. Confort : matelas neuf, baignoire, four multi-fonction, bouilloire électrique, sèche cheveux, lave-linge séchant... Décoration : des tableaux et des sculptures du monde entier, de la couleur, beaucoup de détails. Vous avez accès au logement entier. Vous serez totalement indépendants. Je reste joignable la plupart du temps sur mon portable. Quartier très vivant. Coté jour : des boutiques branchées, magasins d'alimentation (Monop', Franprix, Lidl... et marchés les mardi et jeudi et vendredi à coté, le dimanche à La Bastille)... Coté nuit, vous traversez la rue et vous trouvez le Mécano Bar... et si vous la remontez de 100 m et vous avez le Café Charbon ! Deux cafés mythiques. Des bars et des restau
28779	Studio de 26 m2 entièrement rénové à 5 minutes à pieds de la station de metro Oberkampf et de la place de la Republique, proche du quartier du Marais et à 10 minutes à pieds  de la place de la Bastille. L'appartement est à proximité de la rue Oberkampf, rue festive pleine de cafés et de restaurants. Les meilleurs endroits (et les plus « branchés ») se trouvent au carrefour avec la rue Saint-Maur jusqu’à la rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud. Vous y trouverez entre autre le café Charbon, vieux café-concert du début du siècle, précurseur du succès de la rue.  Le quartier est très commerçant, marché le vendredi et le mardi à 5 minutes, très apprécié des touristes pour ses produits régionaux, nombreux restaurants typiques aux cuisines variées. Dans le prolongement de la rue Folie Mericourt  de belles promenades sont à prevoir le long du canal Saint Martin ponctué de ponts tournants de passages à dos d'ânes et de 9 écluses (quai de Jemmapes et Valmy). Vous pourrez aussi rejoindre la magnifique place d	Charmant et chaleureux studio de 26 m2 au rez de chaussée tout confort donnant sur cour pavée et arborée, calme, très central à deux pas de la place de la republique et du métro Oberkampf et République, peut loger deux personnes confortablement. Studio de 26 m2 entièrement rénové à 5 minutes à pieds de la station de metro Oberkampf et de la place de la Republique, proche du quartier du Marais et à 10 minutes à pieds  de la place de la Bastille. L'appartement est à proximité de la rue Oberkampf, rue festive pleine de cafés et de restaurants. Les meilleurs endroits (et les plus « branchés ») se trouvent au carrefour avec la rue Saint-Maur jusqu’à la rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud. Vous y trouverez entre autre le café Charbon, vieux café-concert du début du siècle, précurseur du succès de la rue.  Le quartier est très commerçant, marché le vendredi et le mardi à 5 minutes, très apprécié des touristes pour ses produits régionaux, nombreux restaurants typiques aux cuisines variées. Dans le prolong
28780	very quiet place. all underground are very close so you can moove very easely. a very typical place perfect for a parisian style leaving. a lounge with a convertible sofa 140X200 for two and a mezzanine 120×200. the kitchen is with all aquipement.  Tres calme (on dort les fenetres ouvertes) et proche du centre (tout est a 20 mn a pieds : le marais, les grands boulevards, opera, bastille...). Tres accessible (lignes 11,2,8,9,5). Le quartier est anime, beaucoup de bars branches et petits restau parisiens typiques.	English spoken nice 2 rooms for 2 or 3 people in center of paris.  Charmant 2 pieces tres calme sur  court, tres lumineux (au 5e sans ascenseur). Les metros sont tres proches tout est accessible a pieds. A 5 mn de la place de la republique. very quiet place. all underground are very close so you can moove very easely. a very typical place perfect for a parisian style leaving. a lounge with a convertible sofa 140X200 for two and a mezzanine 120×200. the kitchen is with all aquipement.  Tres calme (on dort les fenetres ouvertes) et proche du centre (tout est a 20 mn a pieds : le marais, les grands boulevards, opera, bastille...). Tres accessible (lignes 11,2,8,9,5). Le quartier est anime, beaucoup de bars branches et petits restau parisiens typiques. close to republique so many transport (ligne (phone number hidden)) and many buses. a nice typical place to stay along the canal saint martin.  Beaucoup de commerces en tout genre, un grand marche 2 fois par semaine, les metros nombreux (lig
28781	Un joli appartement de 33m2 avec une vraie chambre confortable, un salon avec un canapé lit, dans un immeuble de charme avec vue sur une cour pavée. Un véritable havre de paix en plein quartier branché, d'ailleurs élu meilleur arrondissement où il fait bon vivre.	Jolie 2 pièces décoré avec amour, donnant sur une petite cour fleurie. Très calme et douillet en plein quartier branché au cœur de Paris : à deux pas du Père Lachaise, de la place de la république, du canal Saint-Martin, 15 min à pieds du Marais. Un joli appartement de 33m2 avec une vraie chambre confortable, un salon avec un canapé lit, dans un immeuble de charme avec vue sur une cour pavée. Un véritable havre de paix en plein quartier branché, d'ailleurs élu meilleur arrondissement où il fait bon vivre. Cuisine équipée, TV, internet, linge de lit et serviettes de bain fournis Conseils sur les visites, les endroits à ne pas louper, les transports, les restaurants et les bars Un quartier très animé et populaire (nombreux bars, terrasses, restaurants à prix très abordables) fréquenté par les jeunes artistes, les bourgeois bohèmes, mais aussi par les plus âgés vivant ici depuis toujours. A ne pas manquer : Le Père Lachaise, le canal St Martin, la place de la république, la place Ste Mart
28782	Modern flat well decorated, in the center of Paris, luminous, at the third floor of a recent building, 2 lifts. 3 bedrooms , 2 with double beds and 1 with bunk beds(2 separate beds) suitable for 6 persons. A wide living and dining room of 35m2 with TV, french and english (website hidden) with wi fi A fitted kitchen with table,washing machine and dishwasher, 2 Shower rooms, 2 WC. 1 parking for a car. Good setting in Paris, in a lively part between the quarters of Bastille, République and the Marais, charming historic district. Well served with lots of subways and buses lines. At the foot of the flat is the 9 subway line. You can go directly to Opéra (shopping at Galeries Lafayette, Printemps stores) Champs Elysées (Grand Palais et Petit Palais museums), Arc de Triomphe, Trocadéro, Tour Eiffel, and with the 69 bus line you go to the Louvre and Orsay museums, by the river Seine..Beaubourg is at 20mn of walk...and more! You can find lots of restaurants, cafés, movies and theaters, the Opér	Modern flat well decorated, in the center of Paris, luminous, at the third floor of a recent building, 2 lifts. 3 bedrooms , 2 with double beds and 1 with bunk beds(2 separate beds) suitable for 6 persons. A wide living and dining room of 35m2 with TV, french and english (website hidden) with wi fi A fitted kitchen with table,washing machine and dishwasher, 2 Shower rooms, 2 WC. 1 parking for a car. Good setting in Paris, in a lively part between the quarters of Bastille, République and the Marais, charming historic district. Well served with lots of subways and buses lines. At the foot of the flat is the 9 subway line. You can go directly to Opéra (shopping at Galeries Lafayette, Printemps stores) Champs Elysées (Grand Palais et Petit Palais museums), Arc de Triomphe, Trocadéro, Tour Eiffel, and with the 69 bus line you go to the Louvre and Orsay museums, by the river Seine..Beaubourg is at 20mn of walk...and more! You can find lots of restaurants, cafés, movies and theaters, the Opér
28783	A unique apartment with rooftop view of Paris	Large 70 sq. meter apartment with one bedroom and 2 alcove bedroom, one full bathroom in the famous Oberkampf street within walking distance to the Marais and farmers market twice a week in the corner. In the 5th and last floor without elevator. A unique apartment with rooftop view of Paris Metro Line 5 - Oberkampf Metro Line 8 - Fille du Calvaire Metro Line 3- Parmentier Bus Line 96 - Oberkampf Richard Lenoir  Bus Line 56 - Voltaire Oberkampf
28784	Center of Paris, Le HAUT MARIAIS House on 2 floors (75M2) in the XIth district of Paris, just a step from the Haut Marais district, Casa K. is a life space bright and clean, where you can enjoy the atypical charm of a studio/loft and beautiful vibrations due to the plants for instance ;-). Ideal for the tourist or professional travels. Casa K. offers all the comfort and amenities you're looking for in 65m2: *  In the first floor you will find a bathroom (bathtub) and independent toilets + a private bed room (10m2) : sofa double bed and a desk, a clothes cabinet, a bookshelf, a chair * And common areas in the the second floor which gives acces to a living room (Hi-fi and free Telephone to many destinations except mobiles phones, Wi-Fi, 80 Inch LCD TV, DVD HDMI) and a kitchen equipped with a refrigerator and freezer, a washing machine, a coffee machine Nespresso, a cooker, an oven and a micro-wave. Linen and towels, Toys and games are at your disposal.	Center of Paris - LE HAUT MARAIS  *** A charming place of comfort  when you travel to Paris. English spoken, Spanish also. At Casa K. **** you have access to the whole apartment ... except my room and my dressing room. Center of Paris, Le HAUT MARIAIS House on 2 floors (75M2) in the XIth district of Paris, just a step from the Haut Marais district, Casa K. is a life space bright and clean, where you can enjoy the atypical charm of a studio/loft and beautiful vibrations due to the plants for instance ;-). Ideal for the tourist or professional travels. Casa K. offers all the comfort and amenities you're looking for in 65m2: *  In the first floor you will find a bathroom (bathtub) and independent toilets + a private bed room (10m2) : sofa double bed and a desk, a clothes cabinet, a bookshelf, a chair * And common areas in the the second floor which gives acces to a living room (Hi-fi and free Telephone to many destinations except mobiles phones, Wi-Fi, 80 Inch LCD TV, DVD HDMI) and a kitc
28785	Very nice and Quiet apartment in the center of Paris , close to LE MARAIS , Place de La République ! My apartment is completely renovated  full equiped   Kitchen : - induction plaques - fridge - sink - microwaves  Bathroom : - shower - toilet - sink  living-room :  - confortable sofa-bed for 2 peole - a table for 4 persons - closet  Mezzanine :  - 2 confortable and separated beds - Drawers of arrangement The section is full of life , many restaurants, bars, bakeries , banks, pharmacies, boutiques, etc... The apartment is very close to the beautiful and romantic Canal Saint-Martin ( ONLY 10 seconds walk !!! ) Plus i'm a very cool and easy going host as you can check on my reviews and i 'll do every thing to make you feel comfortable : ) Important Note : I will ask you to pay 40e at the check in for the cleaning fee , thank you : ) Bye Max : )	1 to 4 pers Very nice and Quiet apartment in the center of Paris , close to LE MARAIS , Place de La République ! My apartment is completely renovated  full equiped   Kitchen : - induction plaques - fridge - sink - microwaves  Bathroom : - shower - toilet - sink  living-room :  - confortable sofa-bed for 2 peole - a table for 4 persons - closet  Mezzanine :  - 2 confortable and separated beds - Drawers of arrangement The section is full of life , many restaurants, bars, bakeries , banks, pharmacies, boutiques, etc... The apartment is very close to the beautiful and romantic Canal Saint-Martin ( ONLY 10 seconds walk !!! ) Plus i'm a very cool and easy going host as you can check on my reviews and i 'll do every thing to make you feel comfortable : ) Important Note : I will ask you to pay 40e at the check in for the cleaning fee , thank you : ) Bye Max : ) IMPORTANT NOTE : I LL ASK YOU 40e IN CASH FOR THE CLEANING FEE AT THE CHECK IN , THANK YOU : )
28786	The flat is 60m2 on the 6th floor (with a lift! don't worry :), very luminous and with a cosy balcony. All in all, you have a great room in an awsome flat, in one the hottest spots in the city and hosts who like to share their love about Paris :)	The room is quite big and very luminous. The flat has a balcony with a great view over Paris roofs.  It is located in 1 of the hottest spots in the city right now (Oberkampf, Canal St Martin). Plus we'll be happy to share tips about the places to go. The flat is 60m2 on the 6th floor (with a lift! don't worry :), very luminous and with a cosy balcony. All in all, you have a great room in an awsome flat, in one the hottest spots in the city and hosts who like to share their love about Paris :) There is Internet wifi and a kitchen fully equipped. And for sure, you'll meet with Matsi the cat. I'm Sophie, 35, UX designer. We live together with my boyfriend Alan, 33, engineer. We'll be there when you arrive to make sure you feel right at home. The flat is located in one the hottest spots in the city right now (Oberkampf, Canal Saint Martin). It is a very central, lively and cool area, with lots of shops, cafés, restaurants, places to go out. The flat is on the Avenue de la République, metro
28787	Welcome in the center of PARIS in a 100m2 flat with a big living room, 2 bathrooms/ WC and 3 bedrooms. Extra matelas in option. I rent one of them, a double room when i'm leaving.  Between Le Marais, Belleville and le canal Saint MArtin, you will enjoy your days in Paris! Ask me for more infos, you're welcome at home!!  You want to discover Paris? Come in a parisians flat!! 	Welcome in the center of PARIS in a 100m2 flat with a big living room, 2 bathrooms/ WC and 3 bedrooms. Extra matelas in option. I rent one of them, a double room when i'm leaving.  Between Le Marais, Belleville and le canal Saint MArtin, you will enjoy your days in Paris! Ask me for more infos, you're welcome at home!!  You want to discover Paris? Come in a parisians flat!! 
28788	The two-room apartment is about 33 square meters, it is located between Bastille, République and the Marais. It is very quiet and bright. It is the 6th floor (without an elevator!). It is always quiet because it overlooks a courtyard, and very bright thanks to the skylights in the living room. Also be aware that I have a very loving cat :-).  Please note that you will stay in the living room which  includes a king sofa bed, a dining table and wooden chairs. In the apartment you will find many books in French and English, as well as DVDs. There is a kitchen with: - two hot plates - one oven/micro-wave - a fridge - a washing machine.  There is also a small bathroom with - shower - toilet - sink. Note that to use the bathroom, passing through the living room (your room) is necessary.  You will also have at your disposal an internet connection with optical fibre wireless Internet. I also have a scanner-copier-printer. There are two Vélib 'stations and 3 underground stations nearby: - St-Sé	The two-room apartment is about 33 square meters, it is located between Bastille, République and the Marais. It is very quiet and bright. It is the 6th floor (without an elevator!). It is always quiet because it overlooks a courtyard, and very bright thanks to the skylights in the living room. Also be aware that I have a very loving cat :-).  Please note that you will stay in the living room which  includes a king sofa bed, a dining table and wooden chairs. In the apartment you will find many books in French and English, as well as DVDs. There is a kitchen with: - two hot plates - one oven/micro-wave - a fridge - a washing machine.  There is also a small bathroom with - shower - toilet - sink. Note that to use the bathroom, passing through the living room (your room) is necessary.  You will also have at your disposal an internet connection with optical fibre wireless Internet. I also have a scanner-copier-printer. There are two Vélib 'stations and 3 underground stations nearby: - St-Sé
28789	Il est prévu pour accueillir de la manière la plus confortable qu’il soit jusqu’à 4 personnes. Il dispose à cet effet d’un très agréable séjour avec un confortable canapé-lit pour 2 personnes et un espace salle à manger et d’une ravissante chambre équipée d’un douillet lit double et d'une salle de bain.	Three recent pieces , friendly, cozy and very nice. Can accommodate two , three or four people in a quiet gated community , close to the Place de la Republique . Enjoy the kitchen, and its proximity to the subway.
28790	le quartier, l'appartement, la cour intérieur, la coursive pour prendre un verre, les plantes, 	La chambre à louer est dans notre appartement qui se trouve dans un joli passage typique du 11ème.Clair, silencieux. Le soleil est présent toute la journée. Vous pourrez utiliser la cuisine totalement équipée, la salle de bains et partager le salon. le quartier, l'appartement, la cour intérieur, la coursive pour prendre un verre, les plantes, cuisine, salle de bains et salon oui Passage calme, au bout du passage un troquet très sympa et un restau. Vie de quartier authentique loin des quartiers à touristes. Vite dans le marais, à deux pas de bastille, Oberkampf et Nation. Métro Charonne (ligne 9) et Philippe Auguste (ligne 2) Station Velib, bus 76
28791	Large bedroom for rent in great 3 bedroom apt. only 3min from République (metro lines: 3, 5, 8, 9, 11). Long term rentals preferred, at flat monthly fee. Feel free to contact me for more information!	bedroom for rent in great 3 bedroom apt. only 3min from République (metro lines: 3, 5, 8, 9, 11). Long term rentals preferred, at flat monthly fee. Feel free to contact me for more information! Large bedroom for rent in great 3 bedroom apt. only 3min from République (metro lines: 3, 5, 8, 9, 11). Long term rentals preferred, at flat monthly fee. Feel free to contact me for more information!
28792	Notre appartement est un havre de paix de 80 mètres carrés pour 4 pièces,  en plein coeur de Paris.  Sa situation en fond de cour permet de bénéficier des avantages d'un rez de chaussée, sans les inconvénients. Tout sera fait pour que vous vous sentiez chez vous, et nous espérons que vous aimerez cet endroit autant que nous!	A quelques mètres de la place de la République, offrez-vous un havre de paix dans l'immeuble où vécut Gustave Flaubert. Au fond d'une cour arborée, notre appartement tout équipé vous attend. Métro commerces et bus se trouvent à quelques mètres. Notre appartement est un havre de paix de 80 mètres carrés pour 4 pièces,  en plein coeur de Paris.  Sa situation en fond de cour permet de bénéficier des avantages d'un rez de chaussée, sans les inconvénients. Tout sera fait pour que vous vous sentiez chez vous, et nous espérons que vous aimerez cet endroit autant que nous! Les voyageurs disposeront de leur chambre privative, ils y disposeront de tout le nécessaire (draps et serviettes propres) ainsi que d'un dressing pour ranger leurs vêtements. Ils auront accès au reste de l'appartement : . Cuisine équipée : grand frigo, four, lave-vaisselle . Salon avec grande télé et nombreux dvds, livres et jeux à libre disposition . Salle de bain avec tout le nécessaire : shampoing, gel douche... Notre bu
28793	We are Justine and Bernard, 25 and 29 and we have our guest's bedroom available for airbnb. The appartment is located at Rue Oberkampf, just next to the restaurants, bars and clubs that make our street famous. It's close to the Père Lachaise cimetary, Le Marais, Le Canal Saint-Martin and Place de la République.	"We're living in a 60m2 (650 sqft) two bedroom appartement, that features a comfortable living room, with a dinner table, and a small but neat kitchen. We're located in Oberkampf street, with the best night life in Paris! We are Justine and Bernard, 25 and 29 and we have our guest's bedroom available for airbnb. The appartment is located at Rue Oberkampf, just next to the restaurants, bars and clubs that make our street famous. It's close to the Père Lachaise cimetary, Le Marais, Le Canal Saint-Martin and Place de la République. Located centrally, ""intramuros"" as we say here, you'll be able to walk up the Ménilmontant street, or down the boulevard Ménilmontant to visit the Père Lachaise… You'll also be able to have a walk along canal Saint Martin, or walk down to Bastille or Place de la République. Or simply walk down the Oberkampf street to visit le Marais, in your way to enjoy the islands, de la Citée et Saint-Louis. In our flat, you'll have access to a private room prepared freshly f"
28794	La chambre peut recevoir jusqu'à trois personnes, avec un canapé lit pour deux personnes (très confortable, car le matelas est épais), et un lit en mezzanine pour une personne. La chambre n'est pas grande, mais bien équipée (douche, wc et coin cuisine dans la chambre) et autonome, avec deux fenêtre, très calme et lumineuse. Pour la durée de réservation: deux nuits au minimum. Je n'accepte pas la réservation d'une seule nuit.	Chambre d'hôte avec sanitaires et cuisine privés, calme et lumineux, en plein centre de Paris. Deux lignes de métro tout proches vous conduisent directement vers avenue Champs-Elysée,  Arc de triomphe, Montmartre, Notre Dame de Paris, Louvre... La chambre peut recevoir jusqu'à trois personnes, avec un canapé lit pour deux personnes (très confortable, car le matelas est épais), et un lit en mezzanine pour une personne. La chambre n'est pas grande, mais bien équipée (douche, wc et coin cuisine dans la chambre) et autonome, avec deux fenêtre, très calme et lumineuse. Pour la durée de réservation: deux nuits au minimum. Je n'accepte pas la réservation d'une seule nuit. La chambre peut recevoir jusqu'à trois personnes, avec un canapé lit pour deux personnes (très confortable, car le matelas est épais), et un lit en mezzanine pour une personne. La chambre n'est pas grande, mais bien équipée (douche, wc et coin cuisine dans la chambre) et autonome, avec deux fenêtre, très calme et lumineuse. 
28795	Very convenient studio with fireplace completely equiped for 2 people, located between Menilmontant and Parmentier. Calm overlooking a courtyard, on the 4th and last floor, south/west oriented, so it is very luminous.  The studio is very well accessible by public transportation with its 3 metro stations in the nearer surroundings (Parmentier, Goncourt, Couronnes) at only few minutes. There is the bus line 96 in front of the door, the commercial centre is at 10 minutes.  The building is overlooking a small square of this vibrant quarter, with a lot of shops in the surroundings. To go out you will find numerous restaurants of all kind. In the night, at only a few steps you will also find a lot of bars and cafés in the rue Oberkampf.  Linen provided. Separated kitchen: with a fridge, plates, an oven, a coffee machine, a kettle, a toaster,...  Bathroom: with a washing machine, a shower, a sink, separated toilets, hair dryer, etc...  Large living room of 25m²: double bed, internet (ethernet	Very convenient studio with fireplace completely equiped for 2 people, located between Menilmontant and Parmentier. Calm overlooking a courtyard, on the 4th and last floor, south/west oriented, so it is very luminous.  The studio is very well accessible by public transportation with its 3 metro stations in the nearer surroundings (Parmentier, Goncourt, Couronnes) at only few minutes. There is the bus line 96 in front of the door, the commercial centre is at 10 minutes.  The building is overlooking a small square of this vibrant quarter, with a lot of shops in the surroundings. To go out you will find numerous restaurants of all kind. In the night, at only a few steps you will also find a lot of bars and cafés in the rue Oberkampf.  Linen provided. Separated kitchen: with a fridge, plates, an oven, a coffee machine, a kettle, a toaster,...  Bathroom: with a washing machine, a shower, a sink, separated toilets, hair dryer, etc...  Large living room of 25m²: double bed, internet (ethernet
28796	"Beautiful and luminous duplex in the heart of Paris : paris (11th), close to ""Le Marais"", Oberkampf, Bastille. This is a place with a lot of bars and restaurants, in the center of Paris, in a quiet private lane. Our apartment is delightful, a real arty but homely Parisian flat. It has 3 bedrooms (1 big size bed and 2 one place beds), internet and phone call free with freebox, piano. There are kids toys, DVDs for all the family and a lot of books for readers ! Family apartment - 85M2 (900 sq.ft.) Best regards, Isabelle and Christophe "	"Beautiful and luminous duplex in the heart of Paris : paris (11th), close to ""Le Marais"", Oberkampf, Bastille. This is a place with a lot of bars and restaurants, in the center of Paris, in a quiet private lane. Our apartment is delightful, a real arty but homely Parisian flat. It has 3 bedrooms (1 big size bed and 2 one place beds), internet and phone call free with freebox, piano. There are kids toys, DVDs for all the family and a lot of books for readers ! Family apartment - 85M2 (900 sq.ft.) Best regards, Isabelle and Christophe  Metro ligne 9 : Saint Ambroise ligne 3 : Parmentier ligne 5 : Oberkampf ou Richard Lenoir"
28797	"Full kitchen in dining room/lounge, big bathroom and separate toilets. Located in a great part of town (Oberkampf/Parmentier) and not far from most of ""tourist Paris"" - it's even walkable for the most part!"	"Big bedroom (20m2 or 215 sq ft) in old-style Paris apartment on busy boulevard. 5th floor with balcony and all-day sunlight (faces south). Huge comfortable bed, and sofa in the room! Lovely wooden floors and old ceramic chimneys. Full kitchen in dining room/lounge, big bathroom and separate toilets. Located in a great part of town (Oberkampf/Parmentier) and not far from most of ""tourist Paris"" - it's even walkable for the most part! The whole apartment is accessible except for the other bedrooms. I will not be in Paris, but one or two other friendly people will be there at the same time. It's a great part of Paris to go out - there are over 100 cafés, bars and restaurants within 10 minutes walk. Maybe more! The canal is nearby for wandering and picnics. Plenty of supermarkets (four) and bakeries (five) within 1 minute walk of the apartment. There is a metro station at the foot of the apartment. You can be at the total centre of Paris with a lovely 20-30 minute walk through the Marais, "
28798	 Ecoutez la traduction Charming Studio-loft in the heart of Paris (11th district, on the verge of the Swamp and 8 minutes on foot of place(square) of the Bastille, 2 minutes on foot of the station(resort) Voltaire (Line 9), 8 minutes on foot of the cemetery of Father Lachaise and - not insignificant detail - just in front of a supermarket opened till 21 hours). Its high ceiling (3,60m French-style (exposed beams), its walls in visible impressive stones and half-timbering, its decoration of Art deco style and its room(chamber) situated in mezzanine will give you the taste of the lifestyle Parisian Art. Of walking(step)): do not thus forget to have a look to our guide of the good addresses(places) of the district; The apartment is ideal for the couples, the amateurs of style and the people travelling only and looking for a unique(only) and authentic place. .The apartment is located on the ground floor with access to 2 lovely flowered courtyards, typical of 11th popular area. Wonderful li	"Loft of charm at the heart of the district of the ""Bastille"" in 8 minutes of the square, and 10minutes of the ""Marais"" Direct access since airports: CDG-ORLY, by RER / ORLYVAL, Subway, then, the station(resort) is in 3 minutes of the apartment  Ecoutez la traduction Charming Studio-loft in the heart of Paris (11th district, on the verge of the Swamp and 8 minutes on foot of place(square) of the Bastille, 2 minutes on foot of the station(resort) Voltaire (Line 9), 8 minutes on foot of the cemetery of Father Lachaise and - not insignificant detail - just in front of a supermarket opened till 21 hours). Its high ceiling (3,60m French-style (exposed beams), its walls in visible impressive stones and half-timbering, its decoration of Art deco style and its room(chamber) situated in mezzanine will give you the taste of the lifestyle Parisian Art. Of walking(step)): do not thus forget to have a look to our guide of the good addresses(places) of the district; The apartment is ideal for the cou"
28799		Small Parisian studio in central Paris, perfect location , cosy, clean , with really comfortable sofa bed with real mattress, 1 minutes walking to the metro , bus and bike stations, everything you need in PARIS!
