17700	200sqm - 1 Living Area, 1 Kitchen, 4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms & Large Balcony, Sleeps 5 AMENITIES:  - 3 separate and private double bedrooms  - Large open-plan kitchen and living area that opens up onto the beautiful balcony  - Modern design, recently renovated into a duplex apartment with seven and a half ft high ceilings  - Fully-equipped kitchen (microwave, oven, coffee maker, dishwasher, pans etc)  - Washing machine, tumble dryer and hairdryer provided.  - Free high-speed WIFI and cable television  - Metro: George V (Line 1)  Spacious penthouse apartment accommodating up to six people with a large terrace located just off the world-famous Champs Elysées.  Your 200sqm penthouse apartment is located on the 5th floor of a traditional Parisian apartment building, with an elevator. The apartment has been tastefully refurbished with your comfort in mind. The apartment benefits from a large, bright living area that opens onto the 30sqm balcony with a view of the Champs Elysées. Light and bre	8th Arrondissement Champs Elysees Apartment Rental  220 sqm, 1 Living Area, 1 Kitchen, Terrace, 3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Sleeps 5 200sqm - 1 Living Area, 1 Kitchen, 4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms & Large Balcony, Sleeps 5 AMENITIES:  - 3 separate and private double bedrooms  - Large open-plan kitchen and living area that opens up onto the beautiful balcony  - Modern design, recently renovated into a duplex apartment with seven and a half ft high ceilings  - Fully-equipped kitchen (microwave, oven, coffee maker, dishwasher, pans etc)  - Washing machine, tumble dryer and hairdryer provided.  - Free high-speed WIFI and cable television  - Metro: George V (Line 1)  Spacious penthouse apartment accommodating up to six people with a large terrace located just off the world-famous Champs Elysées.  Your 200sqm penthouse apartment is located on the 5th floor of a traditional Parisian apartment building, with an elevator. The apartment has been tastefully refurbished with your comfort in mind. The apar
17701	The penthouse is situated in the heart of Paris, in the 8th arrondissement, 2 mins away from the Champs-Elysées and 10 mins from the Arc de Triomphe or Place de la Concorde. The penthouse is in the last floor of a typical haussmanian building with elevator. It comprises of a master bedroom with queen size bed, a fully equipped kitchen, living room with sofa bed and bathroom with shower.	An stylish and comfortable penthouse located in the heart of a prestigious parisian neighborhood, Champs Elysées in the 8th arrondissement. Fully equipped kitchen, master bedroom with queen size bed, wifi, flatscreen TV and elevator. The penthouse is situated in the heart of Paris, in the 8th arrondissement, 2 mins away from the Champs-Elysées and 10 mins from the Arc de Triomphe or Place de la Concorde. The penthouse is in the last floor of a typical haussmanian building with elevator. It comprises of a master bedroom with queen size bed, a fully equipped kitchen, living room with sofa bed and bathroom with shower. The closest metro station are Franklin Roosevelt (Metro line 1 and 9) and Saint Philippe du Roule (Metro line 9).
17702	Typical haussmanian style apartment totally renewed with 3 spacious bedrooms (one with king size bed and four single beds), the beds are new and high quality, two marbles fireplaces, original wooden floors, 20 meters long balcony, big renaissance style original mirrors, original ceiling decoration and wood wall decoration, long skin sofa for 4 peoples, extra large tv (led 65 inches) with 3d function, free and fast internet with wifi connection, free and unlimited telephone calls in france (mobile included) and international land-phone numbers (100 countries), cable and satellite tv channels. The kitchen is full equipped and new with micro wave, oven, dishwasher, induction cooker, fridge.... Also new washing machine and clothes dryer.  The bathroom is modern and have a bath and shower, double vanity unit, bath towel, towel and wash glove per person, hair dryer. The toilets are independent (separate) and with style. We offer you soap, shampoo and cosmetics. The building is very secure an	Prestigious apartment of 1881 sqm fully renewed, great Haussmann style with 3 bedrooms and double living room, new & fully equipped, quality kitchen, located in the prestigious 8th district between Opera, Grands Magasins and Champs Elysées ! Typical haussmanian style apartment totally renewed with 3 spacious bedrooms (one with king size bed and four single beds), the beds are new and high quality, two marbles fireplaces, original wooden floors, 20 meters long balcony, big renaissance style original mirrors, original ceiling decoration and wood wall decoration, long skin sofa for 4 peoples, extra large tv (led 65 inches) with 3d function, free and fast internet with wifi connection, free and unlimited telephone calls in france (mobile included) and international land-phone numbers (100 countries), cable and satellite tv channels. The kitchen is full equipped and new with micro wave, oven, dishwasher, induction cooker, fridge.... Also new washing machine and clothes dryer.  The bathroom 
17703		This small well-appointed apartment is fully equipped and can sleep 4 people. It's in the very centre of the chic Champs-Elysées district, with the very best shops, restaurants and amenities within easy reach. An underground car parking near the apartment space is available for 20€ per day.
17704	This studio is ideally situated near department stores, theaters, the Opera, place of Madeleine and of Concorde. On the second floor without elevator of a beautiful building, the studio is accessible by the large main staircase.  	"You will be at the heart of Paris and in the peace in this comfortable studio. You will appreciate the immediate closeness of the big places of interest as department stores. The Opera of Paris, Madeleine, Concorde are in a few minutes. This studio is ideally situated near department stores, theaters, the Opera, place of Madeleine and of Concorde. On the second floor without elevator of a beautiful building, the studio is accessible by the large main staircase.  all the flat I would be present for the check-in and the check, but not present during the stay. Nevertheless, I could be contacted by phone or email. You have access in a few minutes on foot to the most beautiful sites of the capital: the Garnier Opera, the place of Madeleine and of Concorde as well as to the department stores of the boulevard Haussmann. - Roissy Bus Charles de Gaulle / Paris Opéra 60 mn ( + 10 mn by foot to the flat ) - Line RER A (REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK)   Auber in two stations of "" Gare de Lyon"" station. "
17705	The boat has all wooden interiors made in the 70's in Netherlands. The entrance is one big room, which make the space wider. The rooms are in the same style, as the bathroom. During the summer you will be able to open many windows and doors, and in the winter you will feel cosy and comfortable, as the heater is 100% integrated in the structure, and diffuses its heat through the wood.  	 Big living room, all wooden interiors, and a unique location at 5 minutes from le Louvre and Musée d'Orsay. The perfect place to spend a unique vacation in Paris, just in front of the National Assembly...  The boat has all wooden interiors made in the 70's in Netherlands. The entrance is one big room, which make the space wider. The rooms are in the same style, as the bathroom. During the summer you will be able to open many windows and doors, and in the winter you will feel cosy and comfortable, as the heater is 100% integrated in the structure, and diffuses its heat through the wood.   The access is quite easy by metro or by bus.  Then you will have to go toward the Seine, and go right for car acces (with parking). We are few meters away under the Bridge de la Concorde.  You can call me or email me as soon as the reservation is booked. I always answer, or call back, and i can explain you all the details you need to know.  The neighborhood is a residential riverboat area, with about 
17706	Stylishly Parisian, cosy and chic, and with a location minutes away from Avenue des Champs Elysees, these serviced apartments in Paris offer comfortable accommodations in one of the most prestigious addresses of the French capital. Rent our 2 Bedroom apartment in Paris for your upcoming trip to this wonderful city.  This building is ideally situated near to the Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré which is world renowned for its shopping and makes it one of the most fashionable areas in Paris. These elegant apartments are minutes away from the Avenue des Champs Elysées restaurants, cafés and movie theatres. This is also a main business area where many major companies have their offices. Set in a modern building the apartments have been completely renovated and furnished to help make your stay more comfortable. Contemporary furniture, parquet flooring, air conditioning, and large windows are some of the features you will find throughout the property. The apartment in itself is perfect for enjoy	Stylishly Parisian, cosy and chic, and with a location minutes away from Avenue des Champs Elysees, these serviced apartments in Paris offer comfortable accommodations in one of the most prestigious addresses of the French capital. Rent our 2 Bedroom apartment in Paris for your upcoming trip to this wonderful city.  This building is ideally situated near to the Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré which is world renowned for its shopping and makes it one of the most fashionable areas in Paris. These elegant apartments are minutes away from the Avenue des Champs Elysées restaurants, cafés and movie theatres. This is also a main business area where many major companies have their offices. Set in a modern building the apartments have been completely renovated and furnished to help make your stay more comfortable. Contemporary furniture, parquet flooring, air conditioning, and large windows are some of the features you will find throughout the property. The apartment in itself is perfect for enjoy
17707	Charming 1-bedroom appartment in central Berlin. Building from 1860, very quiet even though it is centrally located on the centre, high ceilings, hard wood floor, simply furnished, TV, WiFi, shower, central heating. The location is quite but central. Most of Paris central sites are easy to reach either walking or via public transport. Franklin-Roosevelt (line 1 and 9) metro station is 5 minutes walking away. Clean bed sheet, fresh towels and shampoo are provided. Feel free to feel at home.	Cozy apartment close to the Champs Elysées. This charming studio apartment located in a luxury building Hausmann delight everyone! Charming 1-bedroom appartment in central Berlin. Building from 1860, very quiet even though it is centrally located on the centre, high ceilings, hard wood floor, simply furnished, TV, WiFi, shower, central heating. The location is quite but central. Most of Paris central sites are easy to reach either walking or via public transport. Franklin-Roosevelt (line 1 and 9) metro station is 5 minutes walking away. Clean bed sheet, fresh towels and shampoo are provided. Feel free to feel at home. It is an idependant flat. Arc de Triomphe and all luxury stores in Paris Ligne 9 et 1 Franklin Roosevelt or Georges V (Ligne 1)
17708	"One bedroom apartment (60sqm) situated on the 3th floor (only one apartment per floor so no neighbor) located rue du Colisée, at about 50m from the Avenue des Champs Elysées (at the corner of The Disney store). Living room (20 sqm) with tv samsung 48"" satellite, home cinema, sofa, armchair, internet, piano with headphones and speakers Bedroom (20 sqm) with queen size bed, th philips 40"" satellite, triple box play, 4 windows with curtains and shutters (very quiet and dark), guitar Fully equiped kitchen (13 sqm) with oven, microwave, vitroceramic, nespresso, small fridge, large frige, freezer, hood, table for 6 people with 8 chairs... Bathroom in marble with mirrors, shaver plug, hooks for towels, shower curtain, wc Laudry room with washing machine and all cleaning products"	"On the 3th floor (only one apartment per floor) located rue du Colisee, at about 30m from the Avenue des Champs Elysees (corner of Disney Store). Large kitchen, 2 tv screens (48"" and 40"") with satellite, wifi, piano, guitar, laudry room, smoking ok One bedroom apartment (60sqm) situated on the 3th floor (only one apartment per floor so no neighbor) located rue du Colisée, at about 50m from the Avenue des Champs Elysées (at the corner of The Disney store). Living room (20 sqm) with tv samsung 48"" satellite, home cinema, sofa, armchair, internet, piano with headphones and speakers Bedroom (20 sqm) with queen size bed, th philips 40"" satellite, triple box play, 4 windows with curtains and shutters (very quiet and dark), guitar Fully equiped kitchen (13 sqm) with oven, microwave, vitroceramic, nespresso, small fridge, large frige, freezer, hood, table for 6 people with 8 chairs... Bathroom in marble with mirrors, shaver plug, hooks for towels, shower curtain, wc Laudry room with washing ma"
17709	"New studio in the practical, Paris of golden triangle to move on foot in the center towards the most tourist places. Capacity 3 people Description of the rental and its equipment An equipped studio on the ground floor, in the courtyard of the building at 157, rue du Faubourg Saint Honore, 75008 Paris. Main Room 3 wooden sconces, LED drive lamp 2 miniature Venice (San Marco, Salute) paintings on wood framed in gilded wood. 1 table ""luster Paris"" 1 wardrobe, 1 heater 1400w 1 silent fan  10 hangers, 1 hanger for pants skirts o, 1 for belts  2 cubes of black Storage 1 Napoleon III gray velvet armchair 1 ottoman stool Napoleon III opens new gray velvet 1 weather station 1 gray velvet cushion 1 striped cushion 2 black cushions 1 gray sequined cushion 1 luminaire up 1 pouf synthetic fur 1 square sheepskin 1 imitation sheep skin 1 beveled giltwood mirror 1 gray pot with a plant 1 door keys 1 step ladder 1 wooden pedestal table XIX century 1 large silver mirror 1 lamp candle holder 1 plaster an"	"           Studio 20m ² with mezzanine, at the heart of Paris VIII, in a court of time XVIII, a silencer 1onto to the garden. Businesses, restaurants, transport, Museums, Bow of the Triumph, Parc Monceau, the theaters, the cinema and the Champs-Elysées,     New studio in the practical, Paris of golden triangle to move on foot in the center towards the most tourist places. Capacity 3 people Description of the rental and its equipment An equipped studio on the ground floor, in the courtyard of the building at 157, rue du Faubourg Saint Honore, 75008 Paris. Main Room 3 wooden sconces, LED drive lamp 2 miniature Venice (San Marco, Salute) paintings on wood framed in gilded wood. 1 table ""luster Paris"" 1 wardrobe, 1 heater 1400w 1 silent fan  10 hangers, 1 hanger for pants skirts o, 1 for belts  2 cubes of black Storage 1 Napoleon III gray velvet armchair 1 ottoman stool Napoleon III opens new gray velvet 1 weather station 1 gray velvet cushion 1 striped cushion 2 black cushions 1 gray sequ"
17710	The room has a big double bed (180cm wide) and a private bathroom with a shower. It’s well sunlit as it faces south.  High ceiling, moldings, a real fireplace (although not functional… But there’s central heating, as you would expect). The room is part of a big Haussmann-style apartment with several other rooms. Obviously, you’ll find toilets (good for us) and a big kitchen with fully functional gas cooker, oven, microwave oven, refrigerator etc.  The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a 4-storey building, right next to a nice park with a church. I also have a piano you can use !	The coziest room in a beautiful old-fashioned apartment in Paris... Don’t miss out on this, it’s golden.  Located in the very heart of Paris, right next to Boulevard Haussmann and its Grands Magasins, Opéra, Madeleine, Gare St Lazare, Champs Elysées
17711	30m2 - for 2 people max 1 big room used as a bedroom and dining room. 1 kitchen 1 bathrooom (shower) 1 room for the WC This studio is perfect for a couple who comes to visit Paris. It has everything you need: the bed is very comfortable(like a real bed). The kitchen is well equipped with a fridge/oven/microwave/ washing machine (for clothes). To buy groceries, there are a few shops around (within 5-10mn walk). 	This flat is located in the Triangle d'or, one of the best areas in Paris. Two minutes walk from the Champs Elysées and the Grand Palais, just near the Seine.  This flat is newly renovated in typical Parisian style and is suited for two people.  30m2 - for 2 people max 1 big room used as a bedroom and dining room. 1 kitchen 1 bathrooom (shower) 1 room for the WC This studio is perfect for a couple who comes to visit Paris. It has everything you need: the bed is very comfortable(like a real bed). The kitchen is well equipped with a fridge/oven/microwave/ washing machine (for clothes). To buy groceries, there are a few shops around (within 5-10mn walk).  They have access to everything in the studio I can provide information about Paris and advice on the places to visit and restaurants ! This neighbourhood is great for its luxury shops (avenue Montaigne), museums (Grand Palais) and also for the Champs Elysées which are just nearby. It is also close to the Seine and can be the opportunity 
17712	Spacious and confortable two bedroom apartment of 90 square meters (969 ft2), located right next to Champs-Elysées Avenue, at the 5th and last floor of a beautiful ancient building (with elevator). This flat offers two large bedrooms, a full bathroom, a second bathroom, an opened kitchen and a living room, which has a very nice view on Paris roofs and the Eiffel Tower (that can also be gazed from little balconies).    It has wooden floors, is very bright and decorated with taste.    Fully equipped and air conditioned, this apartment can very comfortably host up to 4 people. The living room has a large couch and two “bergère” armchairs, a bar with a freezer, a LCD TV with access to international broadcasting and a dvd/blue ray disc player. Both bedrooms have king size beds and large closets with safes. The kitchen is set with all classical equipment including a glass-ceramic cooktop, an electric hoven, a microwave hoven, a refrigerator, a dishwasher, a washing machine, a toaster etc. Th	Spacious and confortable two bedroom apartment of 90 square meters (969 ft2), located right next to Champs-Elysées Avenue, at the 5th and last floor of a beautiful ancient building (with elevator). Spacious and confortable two bedroom apartment of 90 square meters (969 ft2), located right next to Champs-Elysées Avenue, at the 5th and last floor of a beautiful ancient building (with elevator). This flat offers two large bedrooms, a full bathroom, a second bathroom, an opened kitchen and a living room, which has a very nice view on Paris roofs and the Eiffel Tower (that can also be gazed from little balconies).    It has wooden floors, is very bright and decorated with taste.    Fully equipped and air conditioned, this apartment can very comfortably host up to 4 people. The living room has a large couch and two “bergère” armchairs, a bar with a freezer, a LCD TV with access to international broadcasting and a dvd/blue ray disc player. Both bedrooms have king size beds and large closets w
17713	In this flat you can find wide living room and  bedroom.  In the bedroom, there is a two place bed.  We have also, inflatable bed for two persons. You can use it in the living room.	Old and beautiful wooden floor 2 fireplaces with beautiful golden mirrors 2,5 rooms/50m2 The flat is located 30 seconds from Champs Elysées avenue (metro Linge 1 & 2, Franklin D. Roosevelt)  You will be in the touristic heart of Paris! In this flat you can find wide living room and  bedroom.  In the bedroom, there is a two place bed.  We have also, inflatable bed for two persons. You can use it in the living room. You have at your disposal a wardrobe. During your stay we will be abroad. However, we are at your disposal to bring you our help. Please email or call us if you need, any information, help or other. you can find everything you need in the neighborhood. Culture: - Champs-Elysées avenue - Montaigne avenue - Arch of triumph - Eiffel Tower - Grand palais - Petit Palais - Hôtel national des Invalides Shopping: - Most major brands are here, and they are open until 9PM Food: - 3 supermarkets A2Pas, G20 and big Monoprix which is open until midnight Entertainment: - Many cafes / bars 
17714	Les transports,Metro, bus, RER se trouvent au pied de l'appartement	Beau studio avec sa kitchenette au calme situé à deux pas de Saint Lazare, point de départ idéal pour rejoindre les sites touristiques, l'Opera, le Louvre, les champs Élysée, Montmartre, les Galeries Lafayettes Les transports,Metro, bus, RER se trouvent au pied de l'appartement Vous aurez accès aux équipements de l'appartement
17715	Apartment of 25m2  2 rooms including 1 double bed (+ 1 single), bathroom (shower).  The 6th floor of a Haussman building without elevator.  Kitchen: hobs, oven, microwave, washing machine.  Parquet floors, antique furniture with a decorative fireplace.  Very welcoming, perfect for a few days.  Located in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, quiet and bourgeois district, close to the street Levy, famous for its market and the Monceau Park .  Ideally located in the city, 1min Europe Station (Line 3: Trail Republic, Rue Saint Maur).  5min from the Gare Saint Lazare (line 9: Trocadero, Grands Boulevards, Oberkampf, Nation, line 12, line 13 and line 14: Gare de Lyon)  5min of Rome Station (Line 2: Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est) Please note that I actually consider the requests made at least 3 weeks in advance.	Apartment of 25m2  2 rooms including 1 double bed (+ 1 single), bathroom (shower).  The 6th floor of a Haussman building without elevator.  Kitchen: hobs, oven, microwave, washing machine.  Parquet floors, antique furniture with a decorative fireplace.  Very welcoming, perfect for a few days.  Located in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, quiet and bourgeois district, close to the street Levy, famous for its market and the Monceau Park .  Ideally located in the city, 1min Europe Station (Line 3: Trail Republic, Rue Saint Maur).  5min from the Gare Saint Lazare (line 9: Trocadero, Grands Boulevards, Oberkampf, Nation, line 12, line 13 and line 14: Gare de Lyon)  5min of Rome Station (Line 2: Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est) Please note that I actually consider the requests made at least 3 weeks in advance.  20min walking neighborhoods: Pigalle, Montmartre and the Haussmann Boulevard and Opera Quarter. Rome Street is famous for its many shops intruments.  5min walking from Levy Street, famous 
17716	Mon studio est un petit nid dans un vieil immeuble avec les avantages et les inconvénients des vieilles pierres. 18m2 au 6ème étage sans ascensseur. Tout équipé avec cuisine intégrée (assez fournie car j'aime faire la cuisine...) et une salle de bain (toilettes dans la sdb) par contre il n'y a pas internet ni le wifi. My appartment is really cosy in a typical parisian building. On the 6th floor, no lift. Well equipated with a kitchen (everything you need cause I like to cook) and a bathroom(toilets, shower...) but no internet and no wifi.	Studio tout confort pour un ou deux dans immeuble hausmanien. Entre les champs Elysées et Montmartre. metro 2 et 3. Proche commerces ouverts tous les jours. Lazy flat for 1 or 2 in typical parisian building. Between champs elysees and montmartre. Metro 2 and 3. Near shops open everyday. Mon studio est un petit nid dans un vieil immeuble avec les avantages et les inconvénients des vieilles pierres. 18m2 au 6ème étage sans ascensseur. Tout équipé avec cuisine intégrée (assez fournie car j'aime faire la cuisine...) et une salle de bain (toilettes dans la sdb) par contre il n'y a pas internet ni le wifi. My appartment is really cosy in a typical parisian building. On the 6th floor, no lift. Well equipated with a kitchen (everything you need cause I like to cook) and a bathroom(toilets, shower...) but no internet and no wifi. Les check in et check out doivent se faire le matin avant 10h ou le soir  après 19h en semaine. Pas de probleme les week ends. Check in check out before 10am or 7pm on
17717	Comprend: - 1 cuisine toute équipée (plaques électriques+four+frigo+ lave-vaiselle+machine à laver le linge) - 1 salon-salle à manger avec TV écran plat et DVD - 1 chambre avec 1 lit double (140 cm de large) - 1 deuxième chambre avec canapé convertible une place, et TV écran plat - 1 salle de bain avec une douche à jets - un WC séparé - 1 balcon filant donnant sur rue. Draps et serviettes fournis. Connexion Wi-fi, TV écran plat dans le salon et la deuxième chambre. 	Beau 3 pièces de 60 m² situé au cinquième étage sur 6 d’un immeuble en pierre de taille avec ascenseur. Belle hauteur sous plafond, parquet, très calme, très lumineux. Comprend: - 1 cuisine toute équipée (plaques électriques+four+frigo+ lave-vaiselle+machine à laver le linge) - 1 salon-salle à manger avec TV écran plat et DVD - 1 chambre avec 1 lit double (140 cm de large) - 1 deuxième chambre avec canapé convertible une place, et TV écran plat - 1 salle de bain avec une douche à jets - un WC séparé - 1 balcon filant donnant sur rue. Draps et serviettes fournis. Connexion Wi-fi, TV écran plat dans le salon et la deuxième chambre. Ligne 3 Métro Europe ou Villiers Ligne 2 Métro Rome ou Villiers Nombreux bus à proximité Nombreux commerces et restaurants dans la rue et dans le quartier. Quartier très vivant et agréable, proche des Batignolles. Supermarché, pressing, restaurants dans la rue. Station Vélib et Autolib en face de l'immeuble. Situé dans Paris 8ème près du Parc Monceau et de la 
17718	Situé au premier étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble Haussmanien, ce studio entièrement rénové en 2015 accueillera 2 personnes très confortablement. Il dispose de tout l'équipement nécessaire. Le ménage est inclus ainsi que le linge, les draps et les produits d'accueil. le prix au mois comprend le ménage et le changement du linge hebdomadaire.	Situé à 5 mn à pied de la plus belle avenue du Monde et entièrement rénové en 2015, ce grand studio en rotonde est un pied à terre idéal pour le tourisme ou les déplacements professionnels. Succombez au charme d'un appartement typiquement parisien! Situé au premier étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble Haussmanien, ce studio entièrement rénové en 2015 accueillera 2 personnes très confortablement. Il dispose de tout l'équipement nécessaire. Le ménage est inclus ainsi que le linge, les draps et les produits d'accueil. le prix au mois comprend le ménage et le changement du linge hebdomadaire. A quelques pas de la plus célèbre avenue au monde: les champs Elysées, avec ses très nombreux monuments, boutiques, restaurants et bars. Vous pourrez admirer l'arc de triomphe et les nombreuses boutiques et c’est sans aucun mal que vous trouverez aux alentours une multitude de commerces, cafés, bars tendance, pubs chaleureux et restaurants pour une expérience typiquement parisienne. Voiture : Parking Vi
17719	Family apartment, with space ( 180 square meters) , full of light with 4 bedrooms ( 2 double, 4 singles) on 2 floors with 2 entrance ( one each floor) and a large terrace with trees.	"180 square meters duplex in the heart of Paris with 5 bed rooms ( 2 double, and 3 single) Terrace with trees. Nice building with a guardian . Walking distance from major sites, department stores ( 3 mn) Montmartre ( 15 mn),, Champs Elysées ( 20 mn) Family apartment, with space ( 180 square meters) , full of light with 4 bedrooms ( 2 double, 4 singles) on 2 floors with 2 entrance ( one each floor) and a large terrace with trees. Wifi, washing machine, heater, large american fridge, TV. Sure I will speak with my guest and explain them everything. If I am not here for the arrival somebody will wait for them in order to welcome them properly and explain them the apartment. In the very heart of Paris. 5 mn walking from the huge subway station ""St Lazare"" "" Liège"" and ""Europe"". 10 mn walking from the Department Store ""Le Printemps"" and "" Galeries Lafayette"". Full of restaurants, bars, shops etc... and walking distance from Montmartre also St Lazare ( major lines, RER etc..)"
17720	2 quiet rooms (40 square meters) near Champs Elysees avenue. Franklin Roosevelt Metro (lines 1 and 9), it is an ideal base for visiting / going out in Paris. 1 bed and 1 sofa bed and everything you need to accommodate. Calm and quiet view a courtyard view.	"Franklin Roosevelt station, perfect place to visit Paris. You can accommodate 2 to 4 people with kitchen, bathroom and all necessary stuff. The building is at the corner of the Champs Elysées but offers a courtyard view. 2 quiet rooms (40 square meters) near Champs Elysees avenue. Franklin Roosevelt Metro (lines 1 and 9), it is an ideal base for visiting / going out in Paris. 1 bed and 1 sofa bed and everything you need to accommodate. Calm and quiet view a courtyard view. the flat is located on the 3rd floor with no lift The neighborhood is amazing : if you go up to the Avenue, you will always find life and activity at any hour of the day (shopping, clubs, bars). If you go south, you can discover the ""Grand Palais"" and enjoy walking around parks between the Louvre and the Seine river. You can join the Eiffel tower in 3 subway stations (or twenty minutes walk). Notre Dame in 15 minutes by subway and Montmartre in 20 minutes. Subway line 1 and 9 : Franklin Roosevelt station. From Charle"
17721		"This studio is in the centre of Paris, between Metro Madeleine et Metro St Lazarre. 10 mins walking to the place Concorde or the Grand Palais, 20 mins to the Louvre.  P.S : The stuido is in the 6eme stage without elevator. The place is little, so is very easy to see one or two hair drop on the  floor , even though everytime, the house lady will clean the room before the check in, but still has "" a little problem. "", if some one really care about one or two ""unluncky""hair on the floor, please choose another place. My appartement at 6th stage without elevator. Which is typical Paris old style."
17722	80 M2 	In the luxury Rue de Faubourg Saint Honore, amazing one bedroom, at the courtyard in the very high standing building, 80m2, decorated and all renovated, 4 peoples can sleep in this place, bathroom and fully kitchen, Metro, buses and shopping. 80 M2  Bus, Metro,  email, phone  All the luxurys boutiques  Bus, Metro and limousines  The place is a very quiet residences
17723	Luxueux loft de 80m2 situé dans un immeuble haussmannien , entièrement rénové avec des prestations haut de gamme.  Situé au 5ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur Trés Lumineux, exposition sud, calme sur cours. Quartier résidentiel, Immeuble de très haut standing.  Décoration 70's - 1 chambre - salle de bain et douche - cuisine entièrement équipée - dressing - 2 TV - Satellite - WIFI Métro Miromesnil.  A 100m du Parc Monceau  A 5min. du faubourg Saint Honoré.  A 10min des Champs Elysées et des Grands Magasins Proche de tous commerces	Luxueux loft de 80m2 situé dans un immeuble haussmannien , entièrement rénové avec des prestations haut de gamme.  Situé au 5ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur Trés Lumineux, exposition sud, calme sur cours. Quartier résidentiel, Immeuble de très haut standing.  Décoration 70's - 1 chambre - salle de bain et douche - cuisine entièrement équipée - dressing - 2 TV - Satellite - WIFI Métro Miromesnil.  A 100m du Parc Monceau  A 5min. du faubourg Saint Honoré.  A 10min des Champs Elysées et des Grands Magasins Proche de tous commerces
17724	In the heart of Paris 8, Rue du Général Foy, quiet and bourgeois neighborhood , very secure, very close to the Church of St. Augustine, the Parc Monceau and Levis market, bustling with many shops and restaurants. Just 10 minutes from the Place de la Madeleine, Saint-Lazare (cinemas, Quick, Macdonald, ..), the very luxurious Faubourg Saint-Honore Avenue and department stores: Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, Fnac etc	Charming apartment, 60m2, renovated, in a luxurious Haussmann building, 2 rooms and a lovely mezzanine, separate bathroom + toilet, kitchen, wifi fiber optic connection, flat screen TV, heating, parquet. In the heart of Paris 8, Rue du Général Foy, quiet and bourgeois neighborhood , very secure, very close to the Church of St. Augustine, the Parc Monceau and Levis market, bustling with many shops and restaurants. Just 10 minutes from the Place de la Madeleine, Saint-Lazare (cinemas, Quick, Macdonald, ..), the very luxurious Faubourg Saint-Honore Avenue and department stores: Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, Fnac etc Metro station 3 minutes, direct line to the Basilica of the sacré coeur, Montmartre, Saint Pierre and market Pigalle (Red Mill). 15 mins from the Eiffel Tower, the Opera and the Champs Elysees. Many buses serving the main Parisian spots (line 84 and 94 Orsay Museum and Saint Germain des Pres). Metro station line 3 villier.
17725		Gorgeous 2 bedrooms flat in the Gold Triangle of Paris called Boccador walking distance from Avenue Montaigne.
17726	hello ! Apartment 3 rooms 50 m2 under the roof of Paris !! Located at the angle of Rue Jean Mermoz , Rue du Colisé and Faubourg Saint Honoré, 1 bedroom whith a bed ( 140 X 200 ) for two persons whith shower room and toilet 1 kitchen equiped , heating plate , fridge, washing machine, plates , cups , everything for cooking, coffee machine Nespresso.... 1 salon whith sofa bed ( 140 X 200 ) for two persons whith another shower room and toilet (2 showers and toilets) Privacy garanty whith a door separate the two beds ! tv LCD ,cable channel,  internet high speed , phone... apartment is located at 100 meters from Bristol Hotel , 200 meters from Elysees Palais french President and 200 meters from Champs Elysees! the apartment is on a litle building on a cour 3 floor whith no lift  NO noises ! very calm! thanks (sorry for my english !!!) A bientot     Akim:))	hello ! Apartment 3 rooms 50 m2 under the roof of Paris !! Located at the angle of Rue Jean Mermoz , Rue du Colisé and Faubourg Saint Honoré, 1 bedroom whith a bed ( 140 X 200 ) for two persons whith shower room and toilet 1 kitchen equiped , heating plate , fridge, washing machine, plates , cups , everything for cooking, coffee machine Nespresso.... 1 salon whith sofa bed ( 140 X 200 ) for two persons whith another shower room and toilet (2 showers and toilets) Privacy garanty whith a door separate the two beds ! tv LCD ,cable channel,  internet high speed , phone... apartment is located at 100 meters from Bristol Hotel , 200 meters from Elysees Palais french President and 200 meters from Champs Elysees! the apartment is on a litle building on a cour 3 floor whith no lift  NO noises ! very calm! thanks (sorry for my english !!!) A bientot     Akim:))
17727	It is small (about 35 m2) but very comfortable and particularly well located ! Everything you need to spend unforgettable days in Paris.	Small apartment at the 7th floor of a haussmanian building, with elevator. One room which closes with japanese sliding doors, one small kitchen, one bathroom and a very comfortable sofa-bed where you can sleep at two people. It is small (about 35 m2) but very comfortable and particularly well located ! Everything you need to spend unforgettable days in Paris. I will try to be there to give you the keys and to answer your questions the day you arrive ! The street the apartment is located in is a perpendicular street to the Champs Elysées. It means you are 5 minutes far from the triumph arch, that you have shops around the corner to buy anything you want until midnight, and that it is a very safe place, even for girls alone. The apartment is 5 minutes far from the metro station : line 1, 2, 6 and RER A.
17728		 Confortable and well equipped 60 Sqm flat for up to 4 people. WIFI. Central position: Close to Galeries Lafayettes, Opéra, Moulin Rouge, Montmatre and direct access to Champ Elysees. Very close to all shopping facilities and subway stations 
17729		ddd
17730	Welcome to your cozy Parisian home away from home!  This apartment is located very close to the Champs Elysees, one of the most famous streets not only in Paris, but the world! The bedroom has a 160 cm x 200 cm double bed.  There is a sofa bed in the living room, along with a coffee table and desk with chair.  All linens, duvets, pillows, and towels are provided.  There is also a TV with cable, as well as WiFi. The bathroom has a shower, sink, heated towel rack, toilet, and hairdryer.   The kitchen has a small refrigerator, stovetop, sink, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, electric kettle, and washing machine.  Dishes, cutlery, cooking utensils, and pots and pans are provided.	This charming apartment is the perfect place for your next Parisian holiday.  Situated just a stone's throw from the Arc de Triomphe, you are close to all of the best sites and attractions. Welcome to your cozy Parisian home away from home!  This apartment is located very close to the Champs Elysees, one of the most famous streets not only in Paris, but the world! The bedroom has a 160 cm x 200 cm double bed.  There is a sofa bed in the living room, along with a coffee table and desk with chair.  All linens, duvets, pillows, and towels are provided.  There is also a TV with cable, as well as WiFi. The bathroom has a shower, sink, heated towel rack, toilet, and hairdryer.   The kitchen has a small refrigerator, stovetop, sink, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, electric kettle, and washing machine.  Dishes, cutlery, cooking utensils, and pots and pans are provided. The neighborhood is very safe and located close to public transportation (buses, metro) and rental bicycles (Velib).  You 
17731	"Super charming studio in Paris, France for rent. The studio is located in the gold triangle.. Only a few minutes away from amazing monuments such as L'Arc de Triomphe , Place de la Concorde, La Tour Eiffel, Louvre Museum, and many more in addition to shopping, restaurants, bars, and clubs. Could not be a better location. The nearest metro station is located a few meters away from the building. It's called ""Miromesnil"" and it's line 9. This line will take you to ""Trocadéro"" where you have one of the most beautiful view on the Eiffel tower and the metro line 9 also goes to famous ""Galeries Lafayette"" The studio sleeps 2 very comfortably but it is possible for a 3rd person. Entry leads into a fully equipped kitchen. Fully equipped bathroom with bathtub and shower and blow-dryer. There is a very large main room with a sleeper sofa and full size bed. Separate dining area within the main room. Flat screen tv, dvd player, cable, wifi, and telephone for local calls. Lots of closet space. Absol"	"Super charming studio in Paris, France for rent. The studio is located in the gold triangle.. Only a few minutes away from amazing monuments such as L'Arc de Triomphe , Place de la Concorde, La Tour Eiffel, Louvre Museum, and many more in addition to shopping, restaurants, bars, and clubs. Could not be a better location. The nearest metro station is located a few meters away from the building. It's called ""Miromesnil"" and it's line 9. This line will take you to ""Trocadéro"" where you have one of the most beautiful view on the Eiffel tower and the metro line 9 also goes to famous ""Galeries Lafayette"" The studio sleeps 2 very comfortably but it is possible for a 3rd person. Entry leads into a fully equipped kitchen. Fully equipped bathroom with bathtub and shower and blow-dryer. There is a very large main room with a sleeper sofa and full size bed. Separate dining area within the main room. Flat screen tv, dvd player, cable, wifi, and telephone for local calls. Lots of closet space. Absol"
17732	Au sein de notre appartement Haussmannien de 160m2 dans une rue très commerçante, nous vous proposons un espace privé comprenant une chambre calme et lumineuse donnant sur cour et sa salle de bain. Vous disposerez de tout le confort nécessaire avec un accès internet, une télévision, des draps, des serviettes, un sèche-cheveux ...  Nous vous proposons, sur demande, un petit déjeuner servi dans notre salle à manger ou dans votre chambre pour 5 euros par personne.	A deux pas du parc Monceau, de la place de l'étoile et des champs Elysées, nous vous proposons dans notre appartement Haussmannien, une chambre calme, spacieuse et une salle de bain privée avec tout confort. Au sein de notre appartement Haussmannien de 160m2 dans une rue très commerçante, nous vous proposons un espace privé comprenant une chambre calme et lumineuse donnant sur cour et sa salle de bain. Vous disposerez de tout le confort nécessaire avec un accès internet, une télévision, des draps, des serviettes, un sèche-cheveux ...  Nous vous proposons, sur demande, un petit déjeuner servi dans notre salle à manger ou dans votre chambre pour 5 euros par personne. Nous sommes sur place pour répondre à vos demandes et vous indiquer les lieux incoutournables parisiens. C'est un quartier familiale, commerçant, très bien desservi par les transports en communs. Accès par la ligne 2 du métro et 30, 84, 31 pour les bus
17733	Amazing apartment on the 8th arrondissement right in front of famous Parc Monceau, great for running or to picnic. LOCATION: Beautiful apartment in the most prestigious location in Paris, in front of Parc Monceau. 10 minutes walk from Champs-Elysées, Boulevard Hausseman, St Augustin church, Montaigne Avenue, Madeleine church, Rue St Honoré, Rue Royale, Place de la Concorde and all great boutiques and famous restaurants.  BEDROOM: - One bedroom - King size bed -Two singles mattresses availavle BATHROOM: - One bathroom with two sinks - Shower, tub and toilet  - One additional guest toilet LIVING ROOM: - Dining room for 6/8 - Beautiful and comfortable leather couch - Cable TV - XBox kinect with games - Bose sound system - Apple TV - Unlimited landline telephone worldwide KITCHEN: - Induction stove top - Microwave - Moka pot - Toaster - Fridge and freezer OTHER FACILITIES:  - Mac Computer and scanner/printer - Wi-Fi  - Laundry washer and drier machines - Ironing WALKING DISTANCE FROM THE A	Amazing apartment on the 8th arrondissement right in front of famous Parc Monceau, great for running or to picnic. LOCATION: Beautiful apartment in the most prestigious location in Paris, in front of Parc Monceau. 10 minutes walk from Champs-Elysées, Boulevard Hausseman, St Augustin church, Montaigne Avenue, Madeleine church, Rue St Honoré, Rue Royale, Place de la Concorde and all great boutiques and famous restaurants.  BEDROOM: - One bedroom - King size bed -Two singles mattresses availavle BATHROOM: - One bathroom with two sinks - Shower, tub and toilet  - One additional guest toilet LIVING ROOM: - Dining room for 6/8 - Beautiful and comfortable leather couch - Cable TV - XBox kinect with games - Bose sound system - Apple TV - Unlimited landline telephone worldwide KITCHEN: - Induction stove top - Microwave - Moka pot - Toaster - Fridge and freezer OTHER FACILITIES:  - Mac Computer and scanner/printer - Wi-Fi  - Laundry washer and drier machines - Ironing WALKING DISTANCE FROM THE A
17734	"Location, location, location: The apartment is located in Paris' 8th ""arrondisement"" (shopping, sightseeing, easy access to all) - a 10 minute walk to La Madeleine and rue St. Honoré and less than 15 minutes to Place Concorde, the Elysees Palace (France's White House, if you will) and Tuileries Garden which borders the Louvre Museum.   There is a covered market, a butcher shop, a fish shop, cheese shop and bakery right at the foot of the building!   Nearest metro stop is St. Augustin, but in very close proximity to lines 2, 3, 9, 13 and Gare St. Lazare providing even more inner city & beyond public transportation options. Abbesse and Montmartre (great ""villagey"" neighborhoods) are within a 20 min walk from the apartment.   There is a renown (pedestrian street) market on rue de Levis which is also just a 10 minute walk from the apartment.  Oh yes! the fabulously well-kept inner city Parc Monceau - a great place to chill, run, walk, picnic or whatever is only 5 minutes by foot. The Space"	"Center city convenience, residential feel, elegance, class, style, shopping, sightseeing and great local ""mom & pops"" (french style) at your doorstep.  Comfortably sleeps 4.  See the details below! Location, location, location: The apartment is located in Paris' 8th ""arrondisement"" (shopping, sightseeing, easy access to all) - a 10 minute walk to La Madeleine and rue St. Honoré and less than 15 minutes to Place Concorde, the Elysees Palace (France's White House, if you will) and Tuileries Garden which borders the Louvre Museum.   There is a covered market, a butcher shop, a fish shop, cheese shop and bakery right at the foot of the building!   Nearest metro stop is St. Augustin, but in very close proximity to lines 2, 3, 9, 13 and Gare St. Lazare providing even more inner city & beyond public transportation options. Abbesse and Montmartre (great ""villagey"" neighborhoods) are within a 20 min walk from the apartment.   There is a renown (pedestrian street) market on rue de Levis which is"
17735		Great chance to nestle in the heart of Paris. Situated on the famous Rue du Faubourg St Honore, with less than a 5 minute walk to Concorde Metro.  Balcony that gets great sun, good or people watching!
17736	1 – Description L’appartement est situé au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur) d’un immeuble typiquement parisien. Il donne sur un vaste espace, très calme et planté d’arbres. Il est particulièrement clair et ne comporte pas de vis-à-vis:le calme à 5 minutes  des champs Elysées. D’une superficie de 75 M2, il offre un vaste living ouvert sur une cuisine équipée moderne , et deux chambres dont   la suite : avec  un double lit , king size, une télévision géante,  une cheminée à feu ouvert un ensemble de peintures-trumeaux anciens, son coin salon , et l’autre chambre très claire par ses trois grandes fenêtres  avec  deux lits jumeaux, un trumeaux ancien , et sa télévision à écran plat .Chacune de ces chambres présentant leur propre cabinet de toilette moderne (douche et WC). 2- Situation L’appartement est situé au cœur du Paris de l’art, de la mode et du luxe, dans le quartier familièrement appelé le « Triangle d’Or ». On est aussi proche, à quelques encâblures, du Palais Présidentiel de l’Elysée 	1 – Description L’appartement est situé au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur) d’un immeuble typiquement parisien. Il donne sur un vaste espace, très calme et planté d’arbres. Il est particulièrement clair et ne comporte pas de vis-à-vis:le calme à 5 minutes  des champs Elysées. D’une superficie de 75 M2, il offre un vaste living ouvert sur une cuisine équipée moderne , et deux chambres dont   la suite : avec  un double lit , king size, une télévision géante,  une cheminée à feu ouvert un ensemble de peintures-trumeaux anciens, son coin salon , et l’autre chambre très claire par ses trois grandes fenêtres  avec  deux lits jumeaux, un trumeaux ancien , et sa télévision à écran plat .Chacune de ces chambres présentant leur propre cabinet de toilette moderne (douche et WC). 2- Situation L’appartement est situé au cœur du Paris de l’art, de la mode et du luxe, dans le quartier familièrement appelé le « Triangle d’Or ». On est aussi proche, à quelques encâblures, du Palais Présidentiel de l’Elysée 
17737	Haussmann in a building, a beautiful studio of 33m ² renovated with stone of the building visible. Close to subway: St. Augustine, Madeleine, Saint Lazare and the Auber RER. Nearby department store and 10 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées. In a quiet area, overlooking the street expiatory chapel. The central kitchen island offers all modern comforts: Induction, dishwasher, oven, microwave, refrigerator. Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, kettle, juicer, pots, pans and all utensils. The bathroom has a large shower, toilet, washbasin and washer dryer. The sofa is a real bed with mattress 17cm. It opens without removing the cushions, with a simple pull handle. The studio is equipped with TV with cable channels, high speed internet and phone for calling landlines free States and Canada and many countries. In case of weekly rental, you will have a cleaning service for one hour included in the rent.	Large studio high class, as beautiful as the best hotels... Haussmann in a building, a beautiful studio of 33m ² renovated with stone of the building visible. Close to subway: St. Augustine, Madeleine, Saint Lazare and the Auber RER. Nearby department store and 10 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées. In a quiet area, overlooking the street expiatory chapel. The central kitchen island offers all modern comforts: Induction, dishwasher, oven, microwave, refrigerator. Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, kettle, juicer, pots, pans and all utensils. The bathroom has a large shower, toilet, washbasin and washer dryer. The sofa is a real bed with mattress 17cm. It opens without removing the cushions, with a simple pull handle. The studio is equipped with TV with cable channels, high speed internet and phone for calling landlines free States and Canada and many countries. In case of weekly rental, you will have a cleaning service for one hour included in the rent.
17738	Located in a courtyard, the appartment is luminous and a welcome retreat from the city centre. Overall about 75m² - no stairs or mezzanine in the appartment. Perfect for 2 couples or a family with two kids. 2 bedrooms: - The larger bedroom (about 20m²) has one 140cm-wide bed) - The smaller bedroom (about 10m²) has a 120cm-wide bed.  -A living room + a dining room (about 35m² in total).  - Separate Kitchen, toilets and bathroom.  The kitchen is fully equipped, and is big enough to cook but not enough to eat in! The bathroom (about 5m²) is accessible from both bed rooms through separate doors. it has a shower and a washbasin. A hair dryer is available. We have an additional 1 person matress + a single size futon if needed. Guest will be provided with towels and are free to use amenities they can find in both the Kitchen and the bathroom.   We also provide free nespresso and tea. Guests are free to contact me with whatever questions they might have. I'll strive to answer asap  - email is 	Located in a courtyard, the appartment is luminous and a welcome retreat from the city centre. Overall about 75m² - no stairs or mezzanine in the appartment. Perfect for 2 couples or a family with two kids. 2 bedrooms: - The larger bedroom (about 20m²) has one 140cm-wide bed) - The smaller bedroom (about 10m²) has a 120cm-wide bed.  -A living room + a dining room (about 35m² in total).  - Separate Kitchen, toilets and bathroom.  The kitchen is fully equipped, and is big enough to cook but not enough to eat in! The bathroom (about 5m²) is accessible from both bed rooms through separate doors. it has a shower and a washbasin. A hair dryer is available. We have an additional 1 person matress + a single size futon if needed. Guest will be provided with towels and are free to use amenities they can find in both the Kitchen and the bathroom.   We also provide free nespresso and tea. Guests are free to contact me with whatever questions they might have. I'll strive to answer asap  - email is 
17739	The Champs-Elysées: Who hasn’t dreamed about waltzing hand-in-hand with a lov:er along its tree-lined streets towards the towering Arc de Triomphe at the west end? While the famous thoroughfare is known for its belles promenades, it also has much to offer in terms of shopping, eating and entertainment. In the surrounding neighborhood, you’ll find a brief respite from the intense crowds, a less touristy feel and a return to old Paris. The iconic avenue and its environs definitely merit a visit.You cant go wrong with this lovely apartment, another of our best seller! The luxury 120 square meters , 3 Bedroom,apartment is located on rue Roy in the 8th arrondissement, on the 2 nd French floor of a 19th century building and itsleeps 6 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, balcony, stereo, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. The 19th centu	The Champs-Elysées: Who hasn’t dreamed about waltzing hand-in-hand with a lov:er along its tree-lined streets towards the towering Arc de Triomphe at the west end? While the famous thoroughfare is known for its belles promenades, it also has much to offer in terms of shopping, eating and entertainment. In the surrounding neighborhood, you’ll find a brief respite from the intense crowds, a less touristy feel and a return to old Paris. The iconic avenue and its environs definitely merit a visit.You cant go wrong with this lovely apartment, another of our best seller! The luxury 120 square meters , 3 Bedroom,apartment is located on rue Roy in the 8th arrondissement, on the 2 nd French floor of a 19th century building and itsleeps 6 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, balcony, stereo, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. The 19th centu
17740		Splendid flat, just 5 minutes away from the Champs Elysées and the Parc Monceau. Lovely area, very green and very safe. All facilities. Perfect to enjoy your stay in Paris. Private parking place available on demand.
17741	Charming and clean. All you need to enjoy the city for a small budget. With high speed wifi internet access. 	Nice 1 little romantic independant  room. 5 minutes walk to République,  5 minutes to the Marais,  in a lively area. With kitchen and shower. Very clean and quiet. A good place to rest after a good day. Metro Strasbourg saint denis. Feel free in the heart of Paris. Charming and clean. All you need to enjoy the city for a small budget. With high speed wifi internet access.  Metro Strasbourg saint denis  Check in saturday afternoon 3PM - check out saturday morning 12am Monday to friday check in before 9am or after 7pm Lively area with restaurants, bars and theatres Metro Strasbourg saint denis  This is not a shared room.  I make a special offer if you check in on saturday and leave on saturday before 12am - 7 nights for 250€
17742	Petit studio entièrement refait en mai 2014.  Petit, mais fonctionnel, il est assez bien équipé à mon avis, mais après c'est une question d'us et coutumes... Un lit gigogne qui vous accueillera avec des draps propres. Pas besoin de déplier le lit tous les soirs pour le replier le matin ! Petite cuisine avec petit frigo, 2 plaques vitro-céramiques, un évier et une cafetière Nespresso.  Dans les tiroirs et placards vous trouverez de quoi cuisiner poêles, casseroles, etc.	Studette entièrement refaite et bien équipée de 12m2, au calme donnant sur cour, belle lumière du jour. Sdb séparée avec vraie douche et vrais WC et fenêtre. En plein coeur de Paris à deux pas de la porte St Martin, au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Petit studio entièrement refait en mai 2014.  Petit, mais fonctionnel, il est assez bien équipé à mon avis, mais après c'est une question d'us et coutumes... Un lit gigogne qui vous accueillera avec des draps propres. Pas besoin de déplier le lit tous les soirs pour le replier le matin ! Petite cuisine avec petit frigo, 2 plaques vitro-céramiques, un évier et une cafetière Nespresso.  Dans les tiroirs et placards vous trouverez de quoi cuisiner poêles, casseroles, etc. Métro Strasbourg St Denis, très central dans avec accès direct à la ligne 4 qui dessert quelques gares parisiennes Montparnasse, Gare de l'Est et du Nord. Un seul changement pour les aéroports. Ensuite la ligne 8 et la 9 vous mènerons vers des sites à visiter : pour les Champs El
17743	"I rent ONE ROOM  in my comfortable and bright apartment (70 m2) at the 7th floor with large lift Featuring an upscale parisian style (high ceiling with moldings, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and 3 large fireplaces). The building is Eiffel style and was built in 1909. It has all security checks, video protection, concierge… In the main room, there is 2 tables, a sofa bed, broadband WiFi access, 32"" LCD TV and phone with free unlimited calls to 70 countries, lots of beautiful photo booksfashion books, cooking books...  In the kitchen (yes, you’re in France and the owner loves to cook), you’ll find everything to cook good. There is an owen, a microwave, refrigerator, freezer, toaster, kettle, coffee-make…  This apartment also includes:a washing machine and a dryer, electric heater, fan, intercom, double glazing, washing machine, ironing equipment, hairdryer, bed linens and towels, TV/CD/DVD/cable channels and Canal Plus. Bath room has a bath, no need to say. As the appartment is a"	"     This bedroom is very cosy and a little apart from the main room : you're in a quiet place. I will help you feeling comfortable and give you all the tips you need to love Paris and the area  I rent ONE ROOM  in my comfortable and bright apartment (70 m2) at the 7th floor with large lift Featuring an upscale parisian style (high ceiling with moldings, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and 3 large fireplaces). The building is Eiffel style and was built in 1909. It has all security checks, video protection, concierge… In the main room, there is 2 tables, a sofa bed, broadband WiFi access, 32"" LCD TV and phone with free unlimited calls to 70 countries, lots of beautiful photo booksfashion books, cooking books...  In the kitchen (yes, you’re in France and the owner loves to cook), you’ll find everything to cook good. There is an owen, a microwave, refrigerator, freezer, toaster, kettle, coffee-make…  This apartment also includes:a washing machine and a dryer, electric heater, fan, in"
17744	Experience within a Parisian family, adoring travelling and very happy to welcome a traveler.	"Charming small room in an apartment in duplex under roofs. Just close to the subway Arts and Métiers, just a step from Republic, we are never far from anything in Paris. The apartment is cute and very bright. Experience within a Parisian family, adoring travelling and very happy to welcome a traveler. All the rooms of life: kitchen, lounge, bathroom and toilet at arrangement. The computer is in my chamber but can be accessible for internet. Real Parisian, I would be delighted to guide you in my city and to help you to discover Paris about which you dream. Situated near the Marais, you can easily walk towards Hôtel de ville, the cathedral Notre-Dame, Châtelet, Beaubourg, the Saint Martin canal, The red market of the children... Three subway serving Very well Paris of find unless 10 minutes walk. You are very close to the first Chinese district of Paris  with of excellent restaurants. But also bars and ""brasseries"" in the street ""Rue de Bretagne"" just  at the bottom of the building. Ther"
17745	The apartment is very central in a typical street of Paris. It is possible to make everything on foot. Any comfort and peace.	Quiet and spacious room (suite) of 20m2 in an apartment on the first floor without elevator of a building 1830. Bathroom and toilet shared. Priority to the hosts. In 10 ' Beaubourg museums, Picasso, place des Vosges Breakfast.  2 pers max. The apartment is very central in a typical street of Paris. It is possible to make everything on foot. Any comfort and peace. musée Beaubourg. Musée Picasso. Place des vosges.  Place Republique: 3 mn on foot: 6 subway lines.  on foot: Beaubourg 10mn. Picasso muséum 15mn. Places Vosges 15mn.  5 bus lines. Arts/Music/theatre/Exhibitions You can easily make many things on foot. Bars, Restaurants, Businesses and cinemas and theaters and museums are close. Alive but quiet district. subway: République/Arts et métiers/Temple/Réaumur Sébastopol. 5 subway lines. 6 bus line
17746	In the center of Paris 3 , we rent a very cute bedroom in a renovated appartement. It's located next to the Georges Pompidou center and arts et metier's museum. The ideal location for visiting the capital. This apartment has all modern conveniences such as a large kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, ceramic hob), lounge / dining room spacious, separate bedroom and a quiet room with bath. Bath towels are (website hidden) and Wifi. You have coffee, tea, orange juice and some brioche bread for the morning. We rent the separate bedroom with one bed for 2 people. It overlooks a courtyard so is very quiet and no noise. Close to many subway lines, the area offers many restaurants that will satisfy the most demanding gourmets. 200m from the apartment on reaching the Place de la republique you will find a very good bakery, right next to the apartment you will find rue volta the oldest building in Paris where a chinese restaurant prepares a bun bo excellently. If your not too scared to spend m	In the center of Paris 3 , we rent a very cute bedroom in a renovated appartement. It's located next to the Georges Pompidou center and arts et metier's museum. The ideal location for visiting the capital. This apartment has all modern conveniences such as a large kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, ceramic hob), lounge / dining room spacious, separate bedroom and a quiet room with bath. Bath towels are (website hidden) and Wifi. You have coffee, tea, orange juice and some brioche bread for the morning. We rent the separate bedroom with one bed for 2 people. It overlooks a courtyard so is very quiet and no noise. Close to many subway lines, the area offers many restaurants that will satisfy the most demanding gourmets. 200m from the apartment on reaching the Place de la republique you will find a very good bakery, right next to the apartment you will find rue volta the oldest building in Paris where a chinese restaurant prepares a bun bo excellently. If your not too scared to spend m
17747	The studio is on the first floor of a 18th Century building.  There is a digital code to access to the building. The flat has been completely renovated with air conditioning, a modern kitchen and new appliances, new bathroom with shower, electric blinds but the original “caractère” has been preserved:  beams, stone walls and wooden floor have been kept.	Our apartment located in the 3rd district of Paris le Marais is around 280 sqft. : a young neighborood where art Galleries,Bistrots and Gourmet stores are opening: lively evenings. The studio is on the first floor of a 18th Century building.  There is a digital code to access to the building. The flat has been completely renovated with air conditioning, a modern kitchen and new appliances, new bathroom with shower, electric blinds but the original “caractère” has been preserved:  beams, stone walls and wooden floor have been kept. The studio is for our guests' use exclusively. Our place can accomodate 2 persons with a 140 cm double bed. Equipment:  Air conditioning Electric heating Sofa - Flat screen tv 81 cm - Dvd player Internet Box – wifi - International News channels  Electric kettle - Senseo Coffee Machine induction cooker - Oven - Microwave Dishwasher Fridge with freezer compartment Vacuum cleaner Hair dryer Bed linen Towels The Guests can send messages in English, Spanish and of
17748	"Our flat is in the perfect place to start your visit of Paris, in the center of the town, in the district named ""Marais"".  The room is spacy and lightfull. It's composed of a two persons bed, a dressing table and a mirror. The flat has the wifi, a kitchen with a micro-waves, a gas cooker, a washing machine, a tv and a bath."	"The flat, in the center of Paris is perfect to start your visit of the town. It's surround by 5 subway stations far from 5 minutes walking only. Thibo and Sophie will give you some tips and advices to visit. Please ask us if you have any questions ! Our flat is in the perfect place to start your visit of Paris, in the center of the town, in the district named ""Marais"".  The room is spacy and lightfull. It's composed of a two persons bed, a dressing table and a mirror. The flat has the wifi, a kitchen with a micro-waves, a gas cooker, a washing machine, a tv and a bath. The flat is surround by 5 subway stations :  - République (Line 8, 9, 3, 11, 5) - Temple (Line 3)  - Arts & Métiers  (Line 3 et 11) - Strasbourg Saint denis (Line 4, 9) - Réaumur Sébastopol (Line 4, 3) We will give you some advices and tips to visit Paris, and the name of the best restaurants (good quality/price) in town. Sometime we work at home but always in a calm and tranquil mind. The flat is on the district named """
17749	First, we kindly ask you to put a picture on your profile and some description about you it is important for us :) Also,  as soon as you booked can you give us you exact check in and check out times (no pb for late check out by leaving the luggages it is just to plan ahead) Thanks a lot :)  The room  (We rend a room within a flat where my wonderful family lives) is located in the area of Strasbourg St Denis, nearby Chatelet, République, Gare du Nord, Grands boulevards, Opéra, you have  4 lignes of metro at 1 block away (plus many bus). You have direct trains to Châtelet (5min), Notre Dame de Paris (7_8min), Opéra (3-4 min), Champs Elysées (10min), Sacré coeur (10min), Bastille (10min), Oberkampf, etc. Lots of noctiliens, bus of night, so you can come easily at any time.  There is a LIFT (elevator). You will be in a flat where lives a family, but with your own room. You will have your own keys and be autonomous so do not worry about your arrival times at night you are here to have fun :	For the summer you will have the entire place for you as we are on holidays !  First, we kindly ask you to put a picture on your profile and some description about you it is important for us :) Also,  as soon as you booked can you give us you exact check in and check out times (no pb for late check out by leaving the luggages it is just to plan ahead) Thanks a lot :)  The room  (We rend a room within a flat where my wonderful family lives) is located in the area of Strasbourg St Denis, nearby Chatelet, République, Gare du Nord, Grands boulevards, Opéra, you have  4 lignes of metro at 1 block away (plus many bus). You have direct trains to Châtelet (5min), Notre Dame de Paris (7_8min), Opéra (3-4 min), Champs Elysées (10min), Sacré coeur (10min), Bastille (10min), Oberkampf, etc. Lots of noctiliens, bus of night, so you can come easily at any time.  There is a LIFT (elevator). You will be in a flat where lives a family, but with your own room. You will have your own keys and be autonomo
17750	It's very romantic.  It is central and easy to visit Paris.  The house is from the 17th century.	This beautiful suite for 3 persons with a private bathroom is set in the elegant rue Charlot, in the Marais, the trendy historical area of Paris.  House of the 17th century.  Breakfast in the living room of the owners.  It's very romantic.  It is central and easy to visit Paris.  The house is from the 17th century. Guest have access to the suite, with private bathroom.  Guest are welcome in the living room for breakfast. Guest have access to the courtyard. The owner of the house live there, and will be delighted to help you and to give you some advices. Thus you will fully enjoy your stay in Paris ! The Marais is a great historical area. Very central in Paris.  It is calm, and very lively. Lots of trendy boutiques, fashion designers, cafés, market, restaurants, art galleries, museums, garden.  Don't miss the fascinating Place des Vosges ! Metro :  -Republique - Filles du Calvaire  - Temple. 
17751	"Situé dans le quartier Réaumur, cet immeuble de 5 étages a été construit en 1780 et dénombre 6 appartements. La parcelle du 133 rue du Temple est de 182 m2 et compte en fait 2 bâtiments.  La studette se trouve dans la cour intérieure  (pavée d'époque) de cet immeuble,  près de la rue des francs bourgeois, marché des enfants rouges, centre beaubourg,  Elle a une superficie de 9m2 et se compose de sdb, wc et kitchinette/bar . Lit BZ 124x200cm Très lumineuse car composée de vitres d'atelier sur 3 côtés et pierres apparentes sur mur. Bamboux en jardinière pour rendre plus chaleureux cette studette.  Ce logement est unique car il ressemble à petit atelier typique du marais du debut du 20ème siècle. Depuis les aéroports parisien prendre la ligne du RER B jusqu'à  Châtelet les Halles, puis prendre la Ligne 11 jusqu'à la station "" Arts et Métiers"" et le logement se trouve a 200 mètres. wifi gratuit Fumeurs et petits animaux acceptés"	Studette bien situé avec une boulangerie et un bar a coté pour bien commencer. A coté du square du Temple et de la rue de Bretagne  ( café des enfantgs rouges) Parking Temple en face 20 euros par jour si reservation sur internet Situé dans le quartier Réaumur, cet immeuble de 5 étages a été construit en 1780 et dénombre 6 appartements. La parcelle du 133 rue du Temple est de 182 m2 et compte en fait 2 bâtiments.  La studette se trouve dans la cour intérieure  (pavée d'époque) de cet immeuble,  près de la rue des francs bourgeois, marché des enfants rouges, centre beaubourg,  Elle a une superficie de 9m2 et se compose de sdb, wc et kitchinette/bar . Lit BZ 124x200cm Très lumineuse car composée de vitres d'atelier sur 3 côtés et pierres apparentes sur mur. Bamboux en jardinière pour rendre plus chaleureux cette studette.  Ce logement est unique car il ressemble à petit atelier typique du marais du debut du 20ème siècle. Depuis les aéroports parisien prendre la ligne du RER B jusqu'à  Châ
17752	"furnished fully equipped studio 18m2(200 sqft)  Calm nice trendy and safe area, perfect for you stay, You will feel Paris like a Parisian living in the ""hyper center"". No need to take metro, bus: Louvre 15min by walk, Place de la Bastille ou place des Vosges 2min, Seine 5min... Studio tout équipé (tv, internet, machine a laver le linge) très confortable de 18m2 Quartier Bastille place des Vosges marais Localisation idéale 4 impasse Jean Beausire 75004 3ème étage Tres calme ensoleillé jolie vue Internet laundry on site cinémas restaurants bars café art galerie and this is the Place where Parisien women do the shopping This is the Place to be. 2 minutes metro Bastille Nous sommes ravis d'accueillir des touristes à Paris, des amoureux et nous leur fournissons bons plans, conseils avec grand plaisir It is a central area safe and nice you have "	"furnished fully equipped studio 18m2(200 sqft)  Calm nice trendy and safe area, perfect for you stay, You will feel Paris like a Parisian living in the ""hyper center"". No need to take metro, bus: Louvre 15min by walk, Place de la Bastille ou place des Vosges 2min, Seine 5min... Studio tout équipé (tv, internet, machine a laver le linge) très confortable de 18m2 Quartier Bastille place des Vosges marais Localisation idéale 4 impasse Jean Beausire 75004 3ème étage Tres calme ensoleillé jolie vue Internet laundry on site cinémas restaurants bars café art galerie and this is the Place where Parisien women do the shopping This is the Place to be. 2 minutes metro Bastille Nous sommes ravis d'accueillir des touristes à Paris, des amoureux et nous leur fournissons bons plans, conseils avec grand plaisir It is a central area safe and nice you have "
17753	Rent a comfortable private room (with private toilet and bathroom) in a huge and modern flat in the heart of Paris. You have a complete access to the whole flat (except others bed room), which include a kitchen, a living splitted in 2 parts , bathroom, toilets. We're 3 roommates and we will be pleased to help you or giving you any tips you need, during your stay in Paris. It's less than 1 minute walk from Republique Place (Metro 3, 5, 8, 9, 11), and realy close to Canal St Martin, Bastille, Chatelet (Beaubourg Museum), and the typical and lovely Marais district. From monday to friday the check-in should take place before 9.30 am, or between 12.30pm and 1.30pm or after 6.30pm. 	Rent a comfortable private room (with private toilet and bathroom) in a huge and modern flat in the heart of Paris. You have a complete access to the whole flat (except others bed room), which include a kitchen, a living splitted in 2 parts , bathroom, toilets. We're 3 roommates and we will be pleased to help you or giving you any tips you need, during your stay in Paris. It's less than 1 minute walk from Republique Place (Metro 3, 5, 8, 9, 11), and realy close to Canal St Martin, Bastille, Chatelet (Beaubourg Museum), and the typical and lovely Marais district. From monday to friday the check-in should take place before 9.30 am, or between 12.30pm and 1.30pm or after 6.30pm. 
17754	Offering all useful appliances such as washing machine, dishwasher, wireless High speed internet, telephone with free international calls, cable TV, DVD, stereo. The bathroom has just been entirely renovated and has all new equipment including bath and shower in bath.	A beautifully decorated apartment situated on the Temple side of the Marais. Sleeps 2-4. The bedroom has a queen size bed and there is sleeping for another couple on the sofa bed in the living room. Overlooking a bright courtyard, the apartment is wonderfully light and spacious with parquet floors, antique beams and french windows. It measures 55 square metres (592 sq ft). Offering all useful appliances such as washing machine, dishwasher, wireless High speed internet, telephone with free international calls, cable TV, DVD, stereo. The bathroom has just been entirely renovated and has all new equipment including bath and shower in bath. You will have access to the whole apartment. We will greet you when you arrive and walk you through all the amenities and explain how everything works.  We are also available for any problems or more information during your stay in Paris. Situated next to the Carreau du Temple, a historic 19th century steel and glass market now re-opened as an art exhib
17755	"Room to rent in a beautiful apartment in the very center of Paris in the 11th / 3th arrondissement.  2 minutes walking from ""Place de la République"", 10 from Bastille, 10 from The Marais.  This is a very luminous flat,  where one feels at home.  This is a two bedrooms apartment with double beds. You can rent one of the two bedrooms. I have a three months kitten, her name is Nout. She is sweet and calm.  The street is very nice and friendly, lots of bars and restaurants, the neighborhood is great. FREE WIFI Perfect location. You will enjoy discover the very center of Paris only by walking. Close to : Place de la République, Bastille, Le Marais, Beaubourg, La Gaïté Lyrique, the Opera, the Canal Saint Martin, the Cirque d'Hiver, Oberkampf district, ... Two subways stop : Fille du Calvaire (line 8) and Oberkampf (line 9 and 5). And a lot of bus. Velib station (to rent bike) just in front of the apartment. Fully equipped kitchen,  bathroom with bathtub,  Normal-sized double bed  Wi-Fi,  Tv "	"Room to rent in a beautiful apartment in the very center of Paris in the 11th / 3th arrondissement.  2 minutes walking from ""Place de la République"", 10 from Bastille, 10 from The Marais.  This is a very luminous flat,  where one feels at home.  This is a two bedrooms apartment with double beds. You can rent one of the two bedrooms. I have a three months kitten, her name is Nout. She is sweet and calm.  The street is very nice and friendly, lots of bars and restaurants, the neighborhood is great. FREE WIFI Perfect location. You will enjoy discover the very center of Paris only by walking. Close to : Place de la République, Bastille, Le Marais, Beaubourg, La Gaïté Lyrique, the Opera, the Canal Saint Martin, the Cirque d'Hiver, Oberkampf district, ... Two subways stop : Fille du Calvaire (line 8) and Oberkampf (line 9 and 5). And a lot of bus. Velib station (to rent bike) just in front of the apartment. Fully equipped kitchen,  bathroom with bathtub,  Normal-sized double bed  Wi-Fi,  Tv "
17756	The apartment is located in the top floor of a beautiful typical building of Paris. It offers beautiful views of the Marais and the Carreaux du Temple. Kitchen , bathroom , double bed, speaker , internet, hair dryer, washing machines, everything to make a your trip in Paris a great time	"Rooftop apartment in a typical Parisian building , in the earth of Le Marais, with a view on ""Le Carreaux du Temple"" ! Quiet, lovely, comfy, great kitchen, and awesome area ! The apartment is located in the top floor of a beautiful typical building of Paris. It offers beautiful views of the Marais and the Carreaux du Temple. Kitchen , bathroom , double bed, speaker , internet, hair dryer, washing machines, everything to make a your trip in Paris a great time - Comfy Sofa-bed - Amazing Kitchen - Washing machine - Laundry machine - Dryer - Shower and Bath - Washing Machine I will be very glad to welcome you to my apartment. Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions ; I answer fast ! We will do our best to be there to welcome you, hand over the keys, and also for the check out if you need so. The apartment is in the neighborhood of Le Carreaux du Temple, a small village in the heart of Le Marais. Art galleries, unique restaurants and true cultural life make this central area"
17757	Cet appartement 2 pièces de 43m2 se situe au 2ème étage d'une copropriété calme et respecteuse. Plein de charme, il est très lumineux (6 fenêtres double exposition) et offre une architecture typique du Marais avec poutres apparentes, parquet ancien et cheminée. Il se compose d'un salon-salle à manger traversant donnant sur une rue calme d'un côté et sur une cour verdoyante de l'autre, d'une cuisine équipée d'un lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, machine à café Nespresso, bouilloire, grille-pains et tous les ustensiles nécessaires, d'une chambre avec lit double et placard à votre disposition, d'une salle de bains avec WC, douche, sèche-serviettes, sèche-cheveux... Situé dans le quartier historique du Marais, son emplacement séduira les couples désireux de découvrir facilement la richesse du 3ème arrondissement. En plein centre de Paris, à 2 pas de l'animation de la rue de Bretagne et de la Place de la République (commerces de bouche, restaurants, cafés, boutiqu	Cet appartement 2 pièces de 43m2 se situe au 2ème étage d'une copropriété calme et respecteuse. Plein de charme, il est très lumineux (6 fenêtres double exposition) et offre une architecture typique du Marais avec poutres apparentes, parquet ancien et cheminée. Il se compose d'un salon-salle à manger traversant donnant sur une rue calme d'un côté et sur une cour verdoyante de l'autre, d'une cuisine équipée d'un lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, machine à café Nespresso, bouilloire, grille-pains et tous les ustensiles nécessaires, d'une chambre avec lit double et placard à votre disposition, d'une salle de bains avec WC, douche, sèche-serviettes, sèche-cheveux... Situé dans le quartier historique du Marais, son emplacement séduira les couples désireux de découvrir facilement la richesse du 3ème arrondissement. En plein centre de Paris, à 2 pas de l'animation de la rue de Bretagne et de la Place de la République (commerces de bouche, restaurants, cafés, boutiqu
17758	Near the Square du Temple, rue de Bretagne and Republique. In a former mansion of 1710, bright and cosy apartment of 88 sqm located on the 2nd floor with masterful stone staircase . Double reception with 3 huge windows south facing courtyard, semi open equipped kitchen separated by beams, 2 bedrooms with double beds, large bathroom with tub and shower and a separate toilet . 3,40 meters high ceiling , wooden floors and exposed beams. Bright and cosy haven in the heart of historical Paris.	Beautiful 88 sqm mansion in Le Marais. Double south facing reception room, 2 bedrooms with double beds, kitchen, large bathroom with bath and shower , separate toilets. Excellent distribution for this haven of peace in historical Paris ! Near the Square du Temple, rue de Bretagne and Republique. In a former mansion of 1710, bright and cosy apartment of 88 sqm located on the 2nd floor with masterful stone staircase . Double reception with 3 huge windows south facing courtyard, semi open equipped kitchen separated by beams, 2 bedrooms with double beds, large bathroom with tub and shower and a separate toilet . 3,40 meters high ceiling , wooden floors and exposed beams. Bright and cosy haven in the heart of historical Paris. Le quartier du Temple est un quartier historique de Paris (France) situé dans le 3e arrondissement qui fait partie du Marais. Il doit son nom à l'ordre des Templiers qui y fonda un établissement à l'origine de la création du quartier. Plusieurs rues du quartier (rue d
17759	perfect for family or 2 couples. very quiet and at the first floor.  you will feel like a citizen and real parisien	new flat for two or 4 peoples, who have all of commodities and full equipment, it is a typicall parisien style. the location is very central in the hight marais, close to rue de bretagne with all shops and bar/restaurants. he is very quiet.   
17760	Perfect for couples or single travellers looking for a cool and spacious room in the heart of Paris. You'll have access to the kitchen and common room. My flatmate will possibly be sharing the apartment with you (in his own bedroom of course).	Big 30m2 room in a 75m2 flat. The flat has two bedrooms and one living-room, with a fully equipped kitchen.  The flat is located in the heart of Paris, 10 minutes walk from the Centre Pompidou, 10 min Republique and 15 min Grands Boulevards. Perfect for couples or single travellers looking for a cool and spacious room in the heart of Paris. You'll have access to the kitchen and common room. My flatmate will possibly be sharing the apartment with you (in his own bedroom of course). Information will be provided upon reservation Le Marais is one of the best neighbourhoods in Paris: with its bars, restaurants, clubs and art galleries. Its central position is a perfect starting point to visit Paris.  Le Marais hosts in the south the Jewish neighbourhood, and in the north the first Chinese neighbourhood. Le Marais is also known for being the gay and fashion neighbourhood of Paris. Republique and Chatelet/Les Halles are two of the main metro stations of Paris (with several lines crossing them
17761	Le studio de 35m2, entièrement rénové il y a moins d'un an, est situé dans un immeuble traditionnel du quartier historique du Marais. Il offre un confort très moderne (micro-ondes, prises USB), dans un cadre ancien. La location comprend une grande pièce claire et calme, exposition traversante, vue dégagée,  cuisine équipée,  mini-bar, lit de 160 , très grand dressing. La salle de bains propose une baignoire et une douche a l'italienne. Une lit pour bébé est également disponible. Les voyageurs auront acces a tout l'appartement. S'ils ont un probleme, moi ou un proche seront certainement sur Paris pour y remedier. Charmant quartier, a deux pas du pittoresque marche des enfants rouges. Tres bien desservi en metro, velib, autolib, taxi. Les voyageurs auront acces a tout l'appartement. J'interragirai avec eux uniquement s'ils en ont besoin. Les restaurants, les bars (en particulier les terrasses), les commerces de bouche, les galeries et quelques boutiques multimarques ou de petits createur	Grand studio entierement renove dans un style moderne et respectueux de son cachet historique. Dispose de tout le confort et accueillera chaleureusement les visiteurs souhaitant profiter des charmes du Marais. 4e lumineux sans ascenseur. Bien isole Le studio de 35m2, entièrement rénové il y a moins d'un an, est situé dans un immeuble traditionnel du quartier historique du Marais. Il offre un confort très moderne (micro-ondes, prises USB), dans un cadre ancien. La location comprend une grande pièce claire et calme, exposition traversante, vue dégagée,  cuisine équipée,  mini-bar, lit de 160 , très grand dressing. La salle de bains propose une baignoire et une douche a l'italienne. Une lit pour bébé est également disponible. Les voyageurs auront acces a tout l'appartement. S'ils ont un probleme, moi ou un proche seront certainement sur Paris pour y remedier. Charmant quartier, a deux pas du pittoresque marche des enfants rouges. Tres bien desservi en metro, velib, autolib, taxi. Les voya
17762	Fantastic one-bedroom apartment for couples! Everything you need, style and space, with Wifi, free international calling, cable TV, large dining area, open kitchen and much more! You can also combine this apartment with the Marais Haven apartment - on my apartment listing - they are in the very same building! The apartment is centrally-located in the heart of Paris on the 2nd floor of a typically Parisian building (no elevator) and is closest to metro Fille du Calvaire, Line 8. 	Fantastic one-bedroom apartment for couples! Everything you need, style and space, with Wifi, free international calling, cable TV, large dining area, open kitchen and much more!  Fantastic one-bedroom apartment for couples! Everything you need, style and space, with Wifi, free international calling, cable TV, large dining area, open kitchen and much more! You can also combine this apartment with the Marais Haven apartment - on my apartment listing - they are in the very same building! The apartment is centrally-located in the heart of Paris on the 2nd floor of a typically Parisian building (no elevator) and is closest to metro Fille du Calvaire, Line 8. The Marais neighborhood is wonderful, with boutiques and cafes everywhere!! Be sure to visit the market, Marché des Enfants Rouge, on rue de Bretagne - our favorite in Paris!! You also have three supermarkets within a 5-minute walk.  The Marais neighborhood is wonderful, with boutiques and cafes everywhere!! Be sure to visit the market
17763	Logement très agréable à vivre, lumineux, spacieux et calme.	L'appartement contient 4 pièces : une chambre avec un lit double King Size de très bonne qualité, une salle de bain avec douche et une cuisine avec plaques, et une pièce commune. Il est situé dans le quartier de République, à 3 minutes du métro. Logement très agréable à vivre, lumineux, spacieux et calme. Accès au logement en entier de 65 m² N'hésitez pas à nous contacter par mail ou téléphone! Quartier très sympa, proche du canal Saint Martin, avec de nombreux commerces (boulangeries, boucherie, supermarchés etc) 5 min à pied du métro République et des gares du Nord et de l'Est. Borne vélib à 2 min de l'appartement
17764	The apartment consists of: - The living room: with two large windows, this bright room is equipped with a table and 4 chairs dining area, HDTV, DVD, sofa bed for two people, a chair, a rug and a coffee table - Kitchen: Open living room, with a washing machine-dryer, a dishwasher, a microwave, a toaster, a kettle, a coffee maker, fridge, cooking hobs and all the necessary to cook and eat.  - Bedroom: includes a bed 2 adults (160cm * 200cm), a dressing room. - Bathroom: with shower and washbasin, hairdryer and WC  Linen is provided. Iron and Iron Table.	Beautiful 45 sqm apartment , spacious, very quiet, with a nice light because of its high floor without elevator. The apartment consists of: - The living room: with two large windows, this bright room is equipped with a table and 4 chairs dining area, HDTV, DVD, sofa bed for two people, a chair, a rug and a coffee table - Kitchen: Open living room, with a washing machine-dryer, a dishwasher, a microwave, a toaster, a kettle, a coffee maker, fridge, cooking hobs and all the necessary to cook and eat.  - Bedroom: includes a bed 2 adults (160cm * 200cm), a dressing room. - Bathroom: with shower and washbasin, hairdryer and WC  Linen is provided. Iron and Iron Table. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be few minutes from Beaubourg, the Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Paris and the Musée du Louvre. Nearest métro station (2 minutes walking distance) is Filles du Calvaire (Métro 8) With Chatelet, the biggest Parisian station, 
17765	Studio très confortable de 18m2 refait à neuf.   3ème étage (sans ascenseur) Sur une cour claire et calme Entièrement équipé. Draps et serviettes fournis. Internet haut débit par câble ou Wifi Tv Guides et plans de Paris (anglais et français) Cuisine entièrement équipée.  Plaques et frigo.  Vaisselle couverts et plats.  Douche 70x90 robinet thermostatique  Chauffe serviettes  Sèche cheveux Wc	This studio 18m2 renovated in 2011 is for 2 people. Situated at Temple metro station in Le Marais area : 10 minutes in feet of the historic center. Kitchen and bathroom completely equipped.  3rd floor (without elevator)
17766	There is no kitchen in the studio, but there is a Nespresso coffee maker, coffee capsules, a kettle, and tea bags at your disposal along with cups and sugar. The king size bed (160cm) comes with sheets and the bathroom has all the necessary items. We shall also include hand soap, toilet paper, and a hair dryer. The Wi-Fi provided in the apartment allows you to stay connected.	With 7 floors and no lift, it requires some effort to get to the top, but once there, you have a view over the rooftops of Montmartre: the Marché des Enfants Rouges and rue de Bretagne are a stone's throw away, Place de la République is 5 minutes away, the Pompidou Center is 10 minutes away and you are 15 minutes from Notre Dame. Although small (20m2), this attic of an old Parisian house is equipped like a luxury hotel room. There is no kitchen in the studio, but there is a Nespresso coffee maker, coffee capsules, a kettle, and tea bags at your disposal along with cups and sugar. The king size bed (160cm) comes with sheets and the bathroom has all the necessary items. We shall also include hand soap, toilet paper, and a hair dryer. The Wi-Fi provided in the apartment allows you to stay connected. Not only do we provide a list of touristic addresses on the website (“guide”) but we are also available by phone during every moment of your trip if you have any questions. The apartment is ri
17767	Romantic Paris, cultural, tourist Paris, culinary Paris: Paris is everything you since this studio conveniently located! Very nice studio, fully equipped, located in the heart of Paris, in the Marais, just renovated and offers all the necessary comfort for an unforgettable stay in Paris.	Romantic Paris, cultural, tourist Paris, culinary Paris: Paris is everything you since this studio conveniently located! Very nice studio, fully equipped, located in the heart of Paris, in the Marais, just renovated and offers all the necessary comfort for an unforgettable stay in Paris.
17768	Located on the 3rd floor of a 5 storey building with no lift. This studio of 23 square meters overlooking a very quiet courtyard .You will be able to fully experience the Located on the 3rd floor of a 4 storey building with no lift. This studio of 23 square meters overlooking a very quiet courtyard .You will be able to fully experience the diversity of the cultural life of Paris and especially historic Marais districtdiversity of the cultural life of Paris and especially historic Marais district	"beautiful renovated studio in the high Marais  The flat is brand new as the furnitures  ,quiet, 3rd floor, fully equipped with internet.  The accommodation is very close to 2 metro stations ""arts et métiers"", ""réaumur sébastopol"" and ""république Located on the 3rd floor of a 5 storey building with no lift. This studio of 23 square meters overlooking a very quiet courtyard .You will be able to fully experience the Located on the 3rd floor of a 4 storey building with no lift. This studio of 23 square meters overlooking a very quiet courtyard .You will be able to fully experience the diversity of the cultural life of Paris and especially historic Marais districtdiversity of the cultural life of Paris and especially historic Marais district This is a private apartment. You don t have to share bathroom or kitchen, you can cook and entertain friends at your leisure. I live in the same street as the studio that I rent, so I'd be there to welcome you and help you throughout your stay. I am ver"
17769	Luxueux appartement Haussmannien,  idéalement situé dans le 3e arrondissement, en plein cœur du quartier de Beaubourg et du Marais, au 4ème étage sur cour avec ascenseur. On vous offre un maximum de confort et une extrême tranquillité indispensables à un merveilleux séjour. Baigné de lumière , sans aucun bruit , au style élégant et raffiné , l'appartement est à la fois chic , accueillant mais avant tout chaleureux et relaxant .  Ce magnifique appartement pour 2 personnes comprend pour la location une vaste entrée , une grande chambre et une salle de bain, avec des grandes fenêtres de 2m et des moulures d'exception.  L' appartement est équipé d' une machine nespresso, bouilloire, télévision (+ de 300 chaines), un accès internet haut débit illimité, WIFI ADSL, un lecteur DVD. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette. 	Luxueux appartement Haussmannien,  idéalement situé dans le 3e arrondissement, en plein cœur du quartier de Beaubourg et du Marais, au 4ème étage sur cour avec ascenseur. On vous offre un maximum de confort et une extrême tranquillité indispensables à un merveilleux séjour. Baigné de lumière , sans aucun bruit , au style élégant et raffiné , l'appartement est à la fois chic , accueillant mais avant tout chaleureux et relaxant .  Ce magnifique appartement pour 2 personnes comprend pour la location une vaste entrée , une grande chambre et une salle de bain, avec des grandes fenêtres de 2m et des moulures d'exception.  L' appartement est équipé d' une machine nespresso, bouilloire, télévision (+ de 300 chaines), un accès internet haut débit illimité, WIFI ADSL, un lecteur DVD. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette.  Ce magnifique appartement pour 2 personnes comprend pour la location une vaste entrée , une grande chambre avec un gran
17770	Dans un ancien immeuble parisien du quartier des Arts et Métiers, ce studio se trouve au 1er étage sans ascenseur d'une court très calme, loin des bruits de la rue et dans un environnement respectueux. 	Studio de charme de 15m2 au 1er étage d'une court, très calme. Idéal pour des brefs séjour en tranquillité dans le centre ville, à quelque minutes à pieds du centre pompidou. Dans un ancien immeuble parisien du quartier des Arts et Métiers, ce studio se trouve au 1er étage sans ascenseur d'une court très calme, loin des bruits de la rue et dans un environnement respectueux. Le studio est bien équipé: un canapé lit double, un coin cuisine avec tout le nécessaire, une salle de bain avec WC et douche. Petit espace aussi pour le rangement des affaires.  Accès à un réseaux WiFi illimité. Le quartier se situe au bord du quartier Marais, à quelque minutes à pied du Centre George Pompidou et de la Place de la République. Le petites ruelles du quartier remplie de petits ateliers et magasins est bien pourvue aussi de plusieurs restaurants français ou ethniques. Juste à coté aussi, la rue de Bretagne , très branchée, avec plein de restos et des boutiques originales, et le Marché des enfants rouge
17771	This 106 sqm apartment is perfect to accommodate up to 5 people, it features one living/dining room, an office, two bedrooms, a bathroom and a kitchen. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, stereo, international TV channels, gas heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, intercom, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, towels, phone, television The very bright wooden floored living room has a surface of 45 sqm with 3 windows facing Southeast. There is a bookcase, a desk, one large sofa bed, one armchair and a lovely fireplace. The 11 sqm office has one window, a desk, 2 chairs and a table. The bathroom has a bath, a sink and the toilet are separated. Both bedrooms have one windows, a closet and nightstand. One of them has a 140cm wide double bed and the other has 2 small beds.	Beautiful 107 sqm apartment idealy located in the Marais area in the 3rd floor of a modern and safe buiding. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome up 5 people for a leisure or business travel. This 106 sqm apartment is perfect to accommodate up to 5 people, it features one living/dining room, an office, two bedrooms, a bathroom and a kitchen. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, stereo, international TV channels, gas heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, intercom, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, towels, phone, television The very bright wooden floored living room has a surface of 45 sqm with 3 windows facing Southeast. There is a bookcase, a desk, one large sofa bed, one armchair and a lovely fireplace. The 11 sqm office has one window, a desk, 2 chairs and a tabl
17772	Studio de 26m2, entièrement refait à neuf.  Ultra-centre de Paris : situé à côté du métro Arts et Métiers et à 5 minutes des nombreuses lignes de métro à République. Au Nord du quartier du Marais, et à 15 minutes à pied de Louvre, Beaubourg, Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville.  Accès internet, TV, cuisine moderne, entièrement équipée.  Idéal pour un couple, pour des visites touristiques. 	Entirely renovated nice parisian 1 room flat (27m2) located in the Marais district (ultra center), near Arts et Metiers. Fashion shops, charming surrondings, 15 mn by feet to Notre Dame / Beaubourg / Hôtel de Ville.
17773		Little appartment (2 rooms) located in central Paris (3rd arr), closest subway stations: Temple & République (Lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11), totally equiped. Perfect location for visiting the city, going out in trendy places. Capacity: 3 to 4 people.
17774	The apartment is 44 sq meters. It comprises of comfortable bedroom with large windows. A living room with a brand new sofa bed which opens into a bed big enough for 2 extra people. It has fully equipped kitchen and bathroom as well. 	Stay at my thoroughly beautiful apartment in the heart of Paris’ le Marais district for your next visit. It is a very well lit top floor apartment, recently renovated, it has everything necessary to guarantee a great stay. The apartment is 44 sq meters. It comprises of comfortable bedroom with large windows. A living room with a brand new sofa bed which opens into a bed big enough for 2 extra people. It has fully equipped kitchen and bathroom as well.  For getting around, you will be spoilt for choice. There is a quantity of restaurants, monuments, parks and supermarkets around the flat. A few of the closes metros include Hotel de Ville, Rambuteau, Arts et Métiers all then than 5 mins away from the flat. And for airport trips, Chatelet les Halles has trains to the maor airports is a 5-8 mins walk from the flat.  I love Paris and know it really well! I would be delighted to share addresses and hidden corners of this city that has so much to offer.  Le Marais is a very central place in P
17775		"Petit studio confortable et moderne avec terrasse pour 2 personnes. Il est à côté de la place de la République et des Arts et Métiers dans une petite rue typiquement parisienne : restaurants, bars, supérette et boutiques. Le logement et la terrasse sont entièrement à votre disposition. Le quartier est appelé aussi le "" Marais Nord"". De nombreuses petites épiceries et restaurants se sont installés récemment car la rue s'est rajeunie.  Il y a même une épicerie végan à 20 m de l'immeuble. À proximité des stations de métro ""République"" et "" Strasbourg-St-Denis"". Les transports en commun sont recommandés. Vous trouverez toutes les informations sur le site de la RATP ( transports parisiens). Pour stationner votre véhicule, il existe de nombreux parkings à proximité mais ils sont chers. Renseignez vous sur internet vous trouverez des tarifs plus intéressants que sur place."
17776	Appartement 2 pièces avec salon spacieux tout équipé, une chambre sur cour très calme. Au 1er étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble calme et bien entretenu. 	Notre charmant appartement de 48m² est situé au carrefour du Marais, de la Place de la République et Bastille.  Idéalement situé pour profiter de Paris !  A très vite !  Appartement 2 pièces avec salon spacieux tout équipé, une chambre sur cour très calme. Au 1er étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble calme et bien entretenu. - Gare du Nord à 15 minutes via le métro 5. - Gare Montparnasse à 25 minutes en métro (accès ligne directe via Bus 96 en 35 min) - Très bien desservi par tout type de transport en général (métro, RER, bus, Autolib, Vélib) Idéalement situé entre le Marais et ses boutiques, bars et petites rues, République, Bastille, et le 11ème arrondissement, très vivant ! - Gare du Nord à 15 minutes via le métro 5. - Gare Montparnasse à 25 minutes en métro (accès ligne directe via Bus 96 en 35 min) - Très bien desservi par tout type de transport en général (métro, RER, bus, Autolib, Vélib)
17777	APARTMENT INFORMATION This charming 21 m2 (230 sq. feet) studio is located on Rue des Archives in the lively 3rd district called Marais. From Rue des Archives you enter into a lovely 19th century courtyard through a large wooden gate. There is a security code at the gate as well as at the entrance of the building. This bright apartment has two double 2m high windows which open into the courtyard. It is equipped with an oven, nespresso machine, electric kettle, drying washing machine, cable TV, unlimited high speed internet access, WiFi, stereo with iPhone interface. In order to fully profit from the wireless LAN in the apartment, there is an IPad at your disposal! Also provided: fresh bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway: Arts et Métiers / Temple / Rambuteau Area: Le Marais. This apartment is located Rue des Archives in the 3rd district called the Marais - a few steps away from the Centre Georges Pompidou, a Mecca of modern and contemporary cu	APARTMENT INFORMATION This charming 21 m2 (230 sq. feet) studio is located on Rue des Archives in the lively 3rd district called Marais. From Rue des Archives you enter into a lovely 19th century courtyard through a large wooden gate. There is a security code at the gate as well as at the entrance of the building. This bright apartment has two double 2m high windows which open into the courtyard. It is equipped with an oven, nespresso machine, electric kettle, drying washing machine, cable TV, unlimited high speed internet access, WiFi, stereo with iPhone interface. In order to fully profit from the wireless LAN in the apartment, there is an IPad at your disposal! Also provided: fresh bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway: Arts et Métiers / Temple / Rambuteau Area: Le Marais. This apartment is located Rue des Archives in the 3rd district called the Marais - a few steps away from the Centre Georges Pompidou, a Mecca of modern and contemporary cu
17778	Flat Refurbished head to toe in March 2014, it is in very clean state,  Located in one of the most lovely area of Paris , the situation is central and therefore very close to the top attraction  ... The flat is Charming and very confortable, the only wrong thing about it is 5th Floor, appart from that it has got Internet WIFI, washing mashine, Diswasher, Microwave Oven... Ideal for a couple who want to have a beautiful time in Paris	"Charming Flat located in le Haut Marais at one minute from Le ""Carreau du Temple"" and ""Le Marché des enfants Rouge"". The Flat has been completely refurbished in 2014 and is located to several tubes  Flat Refurbished head to toe in March 2014, it is in very clean state,  Located in one of the most lovely area of Paris , the situation is central and therefore very close to the top attraction  ... The flat is Charming and very confortable, the only wrong thing about it is 5th Floor, appart from that it has got Internet WIFI, washing mashine, Diswasher, Microwave Oven... Ideal for a couple who want to have a beautiful time in Paris"
17779	Amazing apartment , charm and character in the area of UP MARAIS furnished with taste and refinement. Events companies and photographers rent often this space located in the center of Paris, in the heart of fashion & contemporary art area Beams and original floor tiles, building of the eighteenth century. Kitchen open to a bright living room more than 4m high ceilings with 1 sofa bed (double). The bedroom area (under the roof-double room) and bath-dressing is well separated from the rest, silence and quiet guaranteed. 70 m2. 3th floor without lift, the charm of old paris, very private access, just 1 neighbor. Trendy and historic district in central Paris. Shops, art galleries and bars all around. In the rod Square Vosgues Bastille, Republique Served by several lines of transport (metro and bus).  The nearest metro stop: Saint Sebastien Froissart or Filles du Calvaire  	Atypical duplex in this historical & hype district, building XVIII century Mix of brocante & design furnitures Romantic & calm bedroom under the roofs with a bath to look at the stars from Amazing apartment , charm and character in the area of UP MARAIS furnished with taste and refinement. Events companies and photographers rent often this space located in the center of Paris, in the heart of fashion & contemporary art area Beams and original floor tiles, building of the eighteenth century. Kitchen open to a bright living room more than 4m high ceilings with 1 sofa bed (double). The bedroom area (under the roof-double room) and bath-dressing is well separated from the rest, silence and quiet guaranteed. 70 m2. 3th floor without lift, the charm of old paris, very private access, just 1 neighbor. Trendy and historic district in central Paris. Shops, art galleries and bars all around. In the rod Square Vosgues Bastille, Republique Served by several lines of transport (metro and bus).  The
17780		très beau studio, avec terrasse 30 m2 entièrement équipé .  prestation de luxe dans hôtel particulier possibilité parking . wifi ….
17781	Location very central and all comodities	STUDIO INDEPENDANT FULLY FURNISHED IN THE AREA LE MARAIS 6TH FLOOR WITH ELEVATOR IDEAL FOR LONG TERM BIG FRIDGE AND TV LCD IN THE STUDIO KITCHEN AND SHOWER TO SHARE WC IN THE CORRIDOR INTERNET ACCES WASHING MACHINE ALL COMODITIES Location very central and all comodities Very safe neighbourhood All transports 
17782	The studio is furnished with a comfortable double bed and a stand up closet. Bedding and linen are provided. An iron and an ironing board are also provided. The bathroom has a shower, WC, a towel heater and a hair dryer. The Kitchen is fully equipped : refrigerator, vitroceramic plate, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, dishes and a small table with 2 chairs. Self-catering breakfast is included. Tea, coffee, chocolate, milk, orange juice, butter, jams and a fresh breadare at your disposal at your arrival. 	A charming studio on the 1st floor, located on a very quiet street, walking distance from Beaubourg SQUARE (George Pompidou Museum). The studio is furnished with a comfortable double bed and a stand up closet. Bedding and linen are provided. An iron and an ironing board are also provided. The bathroom has a shower, WC, a towel heater and a hair dryer. The Kitchen is fully equipped : refrigerator, vitroceramic plate, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, dishes and a small table with 2 chairs. Self-catering breakfast is included. Tea, coffee, chocolate, milk, orange juice, butter, jams and a fresh breadare at your disposal at your arrival.      Telephone (free to Europe, North America & Australia),     High-speed internet (WiFi),     Television,     IPOD/IPHONE station and an international electric adapter. Le Marais, with its south area along the Seine, is one of the oldest districts of Paris. Since it is located in the center of the city, between Place de la Bastille, Hotel de Ville, th
17783	Appartement entièrement refait à neuf, possédant une cuisine toute équipée (four, micro onde, plaques induction, lave vaisselle..) sous verrière, un salon, au mur de pierres apparentes. Chaque chambre est équipée d'un lit double (140 cm) et d'une salle d'eau. LES DRAPS, SERVIETTES ET LES FRAIS DE NETTOYAGE SONT INCLUS DANS LE PRIX.  	Situé au 6e et dernier étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble Parisien, cet appartement de 50m2 calme et lumineux, est un bon plan dans le centre de Paris.  On the 6th and ultimate floor (elevator) of a Parisian building, this calm and bright flat is located in the center of Paris. Appartement entièrement refait à neuf, possédant une cuisine toute équipée (four, micro onde, plaques induction, lave vaisselle..) sous verrière, un salon, au mur de pierres apparentes. Chaque chambre est équipée d'un lit double (140 cm) et d'une salle d'eau. LES DRAPS, SERVIETTES ET LES FRAIS DE NETTOYAGE SONT INCLUS DANS LE PRIX.  Metro/Subway stations République, lignes 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11 (1 mn à pied) Temple, ligne 3 (2 mn à pied) Strasbourg Saint-Denis, lignes 4, 8 et 9 (7 mn à pied) Bus: lignes (phone number hidden) Velib': partout autour la place de la république/all around place de la république Supermarchés à proximité: Monoprix, Franprix, Liddl, Lider Price. Commerces et marché des enfants rouges rue d
17784	Ce logement peut accueillir 4 personnes	In the heart of the Marais and 10min walk to Beaubourg, fully renovated and very cozy two bedrooms apartment wich, I hope,  will suits all your expectations.     - - 2 minutes walk to Metro Arts et Métiers available for 3 night minimum
17785	Studio de 19m2	Studio de 19m2
17786	Design apartment , trendy, sunny with a window in the kitchen . Very warmful and cosy ... Elevator very convenient  	Nice,sunny, light apartment with a balcony and a window in the kitchen . Facing south-west ; north east well light and a room well separated by the bathroom . With all machines Around many galleries and museums  many busses and subway lines  Around cute and nice restaurants
17787	Appartement avec beaucoup de cachet : pierres apparentes, poutres, verrière, appartement d'artiste. Habitant Paris depuis plus de 35 ans, je donnerai des conseils sur les lieux et l'âme de Paris.	A deux pas de la place des Vosges et de la Bastille dans le quartier des hôtels particuliers. Duplex de charme. A 2mn de tous les moyens de transports : métros, bus et navettes aéroport. Dans une grande pièce avec 3 mètres de hauteur sous plafond, un lit pour deux personnes. Cuisine ouverte. Grande salle de bains. W.C. indépendants.Très belles prestations. Appartement avec beaucoup de cachet : pierres apparentes, poutres, verrière, appartement d'artiste. Habitant Paris depuis plus de 35 ans, je donnerai des conseils sur les lieux et l'âme de Paris. Stations de Métro la plus proche : St Sébastien - Froissart, ligne 8. Bus : arrêt St Claude n° 20 depuis la Gare de Lyon, n° 96 depuis la Gare Montparnasse. Cars Air France ( toutes les 30 minutes 7j/7) en direction de l'aéroport Roissy Charles de Gaulle à la Gare de Lyon, soit de la rue Saint Claude 10 minutes environ par les bus n° 20 et 65. les voyageurs peuvent compter sur notre aide pour leur indiquer tous renseignements. Quartier histo
17788	This great apartment is fantastically located in the heart of the Marais. Even though it's centrally located, the available bedroom is quiet, clean, and on it's own side of the apartment. There is a nice view on the Parc des Blancs-Manteaux.	This great appartment is fantastically located in the heart of the Marais, jsut This great apartment is fantastically located in the heart of the Marais. Even though it's centrally located, the available bedroom is quiet, clean, and on it's own side of the apartment. There is a nice view on the Parc des Blancs-Manteaux. This great appartment is fantastically located in the heart of the Marais, just on the Parc des Blancs-Manteaux , 5 minutes for the Pompidou centre or the Place des Vosges, and a 10 minute stroll from the Seine and Notre Dame, it is also surrounded by a lot of great boutiques and cafés. Even though we live right in the centre of the Marais, the living room and one of the bedrooms are on the park and are very quiet after closing time. The only thing that might wake you up are the birds having fun on the kids games. The apartment is easily reached by public transport, either through the Métro, with Hôtel-de-Ville (1, 11), Saint-Paul (1, 4), Rambuteau (11) and Pont-Marie (
17789	Large apartment of 55m2, compases a bedroom with dressing room and office, separate WC, a bathroom (shower) and a large lounge area. The style of the apartment is modern and is located in a historic building of the seventeenth century. There is no lift however the apartment is not on a high floor. The bedding has a mattress which provide excellent comfort. Towels, sheets, shower gel, shampoo are provided as well as Nespresso coffee and tea for your stay. Sofa is not made to sleep on it. Please use the BOConcept additional bed that is very comfortable. The capacity of the apartment is 3 persons maximum.	Great apartment in a trendy area in the heart of the city. Quiet inside. In a 400 years old building of the haut-marais area. Metro stations, supermarkets, bars and restaurants within 2 minutes walk. Large apartment of 55m2, compases a bedroom with dressing room and office, separate WC, a bathroom (shower) and a large lounge area. The style of the apartment is modern and is located in a historic building of the seventeenth century. There is no lift however the apartment is not on a high floor. The bedding has a mattress which provide excellent comfort. Towels, sheets, shower gel, shampoo are provided as well as Nespresso coffee and tea for your stay. Sofa is not made to sleep on it. Please use the BOConcept additional bed that is very comfortable. The capacity of the apartment is 3 persons maximum. Guests have full access to the apartment and all the amenities provided. The apartment is equipped with these technologies: air conditioning (1 mobile unit only), iPod/iPhone dock, Wi-Fi, TV
17790	Love yourself in the heart of Paris, enjoy comfortable calm studio fashioned by a parisian artist close to everything you need.	Love yourself in the heart of Paris, enjoy comfortable calm studio fashioned by a parisian artist close to everything you need. Love yourself in the heart of Paris, enjoy comfortable calm studio fashioned by a parisian artist close to everything you need. There is a big elevator, large doors are convenient even for the biggest luggage!  I'm an artist during these last 15 years here and I can give you plenty of tips how to make your journey much more exceptional than that of a common touriste.  I love my quartier among so many others because it represents that that Paris has the best - coffees, museums, history, design, fashion, conviviality and love. In Marais on the limit of Republique, 15 min of river Seine and Canal of St Martin, you walk easily to Picasso Museum, Centre Pompidou, place de Vosges, Bastille. Metro's on the front of house, coffee-shops with outside terraces on your street, the quality supermarket on the ground floor. Briefly, you're just in the middle of the Parisian 
17791	"Our apartment is typically Parisian: it overlooks two courtyards paved and flowered. A small balcony allows to enjoy the fresh air and the quiet of the building. Covering an area of 80m2, our apartment is organized in two parts (day / night) for everyone to live at their own pace without disturbing others. It offers the possibility of 6 people: - 2 closed bedroom : * one parental with a doublebed * one for children with two single loft beds (standard size 90x190) - 1 ""open"" bedroom (no door): We use it as a TV room but the sofa is convertible (140x190)...  The TV room is independant and located in the sleeping area, next to the two bedrooms  All the beds are so independent from the day area (living room + kitchen). The kitchen is fully equipped ( dishwasher, microwave, oven, coffee maker, toaster ...) and generously provided by pans and dishes. The living room consists of a coffee table around which we sometimes lunch at 6 and a high table and 4 chairs. For Christmas, the high table is"	"Family apartment ideally located in the historical and trendy heart of Paris. Very quiet with views of court. With all the equipment to cook and many toys, DVDs and books to occupy everybody after a long day of sightseeing.  Decorated tree for Xmas. Our apartment is typically Parisian: it overlooks two courtyards paved and flowered. A small balcony allows to enjoy the fresh air and the quiet of the building. Covering an area of 80m2, our apartment is organized in two parts (day / night) for everyone to live at their own pace without disturbing others. It offers the possibility of 6 people: - 2 closed bedroom : * one parental with a doublebed * one for children with two single loft beds (standard size 90x190) - 1 ""open"" bedroom (no door): We use it as a TV room but the sofa is convertible (140x190)...  The TV room is independant and located in the sleeping area, next to the two bedrooms  All the beds are so independent from the day area (living room + kitchen). The kitchen is fully equi"
17792	The heart of the Marais is yours to discover with many galleries, shops, cafes, and picturesque streets, each offering something for everyone, whether it is window shopping, dining, or art. Just 3 minutes from the Filles de Calvair or Republique metro,  2 mins walk to Rue de Bretagne ,sightseeing all of Paris is easy. You will be at home in your neighborhood with all types of food stores and numerous restaurants within walking distance. It's a 12 minute walk to the Pompidou Museum and an easy stroll to Place des Vosges.  This studio sleeps up to 2  adults and is new sofa bed , . It is conveniently located on the 5st European floor with an elevator and has 2 windows, great view of the Marrais.   This is a comfortable apartment for up to 2 adults, from which to explore Paris. It's in excellent condition and will ensure you a great    	shops, cafes, and picturesque streets, each offering something for everyone, whether it is window shopping, dining, or art. Just 3 minutes from the Filles de Calvair or Republique metro,  2 mins walk to Rue de Bretagne ,sightseeing all of Paris is easy. The heart of the Marais is yours to discover with many galleries, shops, cafes, and picturesque streets, each offering something for everyone, whether it is window shopping, dining, or art. Just 3 minutes from the Filles de Calvair or Republique metro,  2 mins walk to Rue de Bretagne ,sightseeing all of Paris is easy. You will be at home in your neighborhood with all types of food stores and numerous restaurants within walking distance. It's a 12 minute walk to the Pompidou Museum and an easy stroll to Place des Vosges.  This studio sleeps up to 2  adults and is new sofa bed , . It is conveniently located on the 5st European floor with an elevator and has 2 windows, great view of the Marrais.   This is a comfortable apartment for up to 
17793	The style of the apartment is modern and is located in a cool neighbourhood. It's all the time perfectly clean & quiet. The quality of materials, finishes and equipment is excellent especially for Paris.  *** NEW: iPad included for the duration of your stay *** The bedding has a mattress and up-mattress which provide excellent comfort. Towels, sheets, shower gel, shampoo and towels are provided as well as coffee and tea for your stay. A hair dryer, iron table and iron are also available in the apartment. There is of course all you need to cook small dishes.	Great apartment in a trendy area in the heart of the city. Quiet inside. Heaps of metro lines around. The perfect location in a charming 400 years old building, extremely confortable with great appliances, modern interior and perfectly clean. The style of the apartment is modern and is located in a cool neighbourhood. It's all the time perfectly clean & quiet. The quality of materials, finishes and equipment is excellent especially for Paris.  *** NEW: iPad included for the duration of your stay *** The bedding has a mattress and up-mattress which provide excellent comfort. Towels, sheets, shower gel, shampoo and towels are provided as well as coffee and tea for your stay. A hair dryer, iron table and iron are also available in the apartment. There is of course all you need to cook small dishes. This is the entire apartment. Guests can use everything that is in the apartment. Interaction with guests is only at check-in / check-out to respect your privacy - or through email if any quest
17794	The apartment can accommodate 4 people: there is bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room.  Three attic maid’s rooms of a magnificent 19th century building were combined and totally renovated in February 2015, saving the best of the old (beams and tiles) while adding modern stainless steel kitchen appliances, new bathroom, etc. The apartment is furnished in a tastefully eclectic combination of styles and, thanks to its unobstructed Montmartre view, filled with light. How great to drink your morning coffee or a glass of wine on one of the balconies while admiring the sky and Sacre Cœur!	Charming typically Parisian apartment with exposed beams, antique tile floors, three little balconies and view of Montmartre (you can even see Sacre Cœur from your bed!). On the top floor of a magnificent building right in the center of Paris... The apartment can accommodate 4 people: there is bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room.  Three attic maid’s rooms of a magnificent 19th century building were combined and totally renovated in February 2015, saving the best of the old (beams and tiles) while adding modern stainless steel kitchen appliances, new bathroom, etc. The apartment is furnished in a tastefully eclectic combination of styles and, thanks to its unobstructed Montmartre view, filled with light. How great to drink your morning coffee or a glass of wine on one of the balconies while admiring the sky and Sacre Cœur! On entering the building, ring the interphone on the right (before the courtyard). The apartment is on the sixth (top) floor. An elevator takes you t
17795	Charmant appartement de 30m2 dans le Haut-Marais, à 50 mètres de la Place de la République. Très calme (sur cour), très bien équipé (Wifi, TV, Hifi, Four à micro-onde combiné...), Idéal pour découvrir la ville, par sa situation centrale, vous pouvez vous changer ou vous reposer entre deux visites.  L'appartement fut récemment rénové, !!!!! Le bâtiment est en cours de rénovation!!!!! (voir photos) Il se situe au troisième et dernier étage d'un bâtiment XVIIeme. À une minute des métros 3,5,8,9,11, s'ajoutent de nombreux bus et Vélib.  L'appartement est constitué d'une chambre avec un lit 2 places (140x200) / d'une pièce principale avec TV, canapé, cuisine équipée (frigo, four et micro-onde, vaisselle, aspirateur, machine à laver le linge, fer à repasser ect...) et d'une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo, WC. Accès à internet par Wifi illimité. Serviettes de toilette et draps fournis. 	Charmant appartement de 30m2 dans le Haut-Marais, à 50 mètres de la Place de la République. Très calme (sur cour), très bien équipé (Wifi, TV, Hifi, Four à micro-onde combiné...), Idéal pour découvrir la ville, par sa situation centrale, vous pouvez vous changer ou vous reposer entre deux visites.  L'appartement fut récemment rénové, !!!!! Le bâtiment est en cours de rénovation!!!!! (voir photos) Il se situe au troisième et dernier étage d'un bâtiment XVIIeme. À une minute des métros 3,5,8,9,11, s'ajoutent de nombreux bus et Vélib.  L'appartement est constitué d'une chambre avec un lit 2 places (140x200) / d'une pièce principale avec TV, canapé, cuisine équipée (frigo, four et micro-onde, vaisselle, aspirateur, machine à laver le linge, fer à repasser ect...) et d'une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo, WC. Accès à internet par Wifi illimité. Serviettes de toilette et draps fournis. Quartier très dynamique et en plein renouveau. De nombreux commerces et une énergie très parisienne. Metr
17796	Brand new modern studio at the first floor of a 19th century building, loft style apartment in the trendy nord Marais, The apartment is located in the nord Marais, one of Paris' most exclusive, lively and artistic area. Surrounded by art galleries, the neighborhood offers a great quality of life and a real Parisian experience, Few minutes walk from Pompidou, République,rue de bretagne and the market  des enfants rouges. 15 minutes walk from the river, Notre dame 8 minutes walk from the canal saint martin  5 metro stations at less than 350 meters (Arts et metiers,Reaumursebastopol,Temple,République,strasbourg st denis) Excellent central location, just 15 minutes from the Louvre Museum, Seine River and the Ile de la Cite Island.  Just 5 blocks from the famous rue Montorgueil market street. The area is filled with cute restaurants, cafes, and boutiques.  An extremely central location, within walking distance of all major central Paris attractions.  	Modern 24 sq. meters very well located, loft style apartment  in the trendy nord Marais,5 minutes walk from Pompidou,République,the hype rue de bretagne and his marché des enfants rouges. 4 metro stations at less than 300 meters. Brand new modern studio at the first floor of a 19th century building, loft style apartment in the trendy nord Marais, The apartment is located in the nord Marais, one of Paris' most exclusive, lively and artistic area. Surrounded by art galleries, the neighborhood offers a great quality of life and a real Parisian experience, Few minutes walk from Pompidou, République,rue de bretagne and the market  des enfants rouges. 15 minutes walk from the river, Notre dame 8 minutes walk from the canal saint martin  5 metro stations at less than 350 meters (Arts et metiers,Reaumursebastopol,Temple,République,strasbourg st denis) Excellent central location, just 15 minutes from the Louvre Museum, Seine River and the Ile de la Cite Island.  Just 5 blocks from the famous ru
17797	Studio joliment aménagé, pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Idéalement situé dans une rue calme, au cœur du quartier arty du Haut Marais, à quelques minutes à pieds de République, des Grands Boulevards, de Beaubourg... De nombreux restaurants bars et galeries aux alentours. Parfait pour découvrir Paris!	A nicely furnished flat, can host up to 4 people. Located in a calm street in the heart of le Haut Marais, arty neighbourhood. Just minutes walking to République, the Grands Boulevards, Beaubourg... Lots of bars, restaurants and art galleries around!
17798		Appartement entièrement rénové de 2 pièces de 46 m² au deuxième étage sur rue et cour sans ascenseur dans une élégante rue du quartier de Bretagne pour 4 personnes. Le3e arrondissement de Paris est un arrondissement situé dans la partie nord du quartier historique du Marais. Le Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers représente une importante collection de maquettes anciennes et enseigne la progression de la technologie dans l'histoire. Le Musée Picasso et le Musée Carnavalet sont consacrés à l'histoire de Paris. La place de la République avec ses monuments historiques rappellent les valeurs de la république française et les nombreux créateurs de mode dans le quartier très connu du sentier. Puis le Théâtre du Caveau de la République et les Archives nationales. La maison du Pastel est un patrimoine culturel datant du XIXème siècle.
17799	Charming flat (115m2) in a 19th century building. Located between Le Marais and Canal Saint-Martin, 10mn walk from Montorgueil and Grands Boulevards, 20mn walk from Notre-Dame and Rive Gauche.	"Charming & typically Parisian flat located in the Marais, near Canal St Martin, in the heart of historical Paris. Bright, cosy and quiet, and close to various nice and delicious shops ! Charming flat (115m2) in a 19th century building. Located between Le Marais and Canal Saint-Martin, 10mn walk from Montorgueil and Grands Boulevards, 20mn walk from Notre-Dame and Rive Gauche. Guests can access the two rooms, the two bathrooms (one with a bath tube and one with a shower), the living room (with beamer) and the fully equiped kitchen. Guests will have a small guide of the area at their disposal, with the addresses of nearby museums and of our favorite spots (restaurants, bars, shops, walks, etc). NoMa (North Marais) is one of the oldest and trendiest area of the centre or Paris, with lots of museums (Centre Georges Pompidou, Musée Picasso, Musée Carnavalet...), art galleries, and ""very Parisian"" restaurants, bars, markets (""Marché des Enfants Rouges"" oldest market of Paris) and shops. Just"
17800	The studio is located in LE MARAIS (upper area). The trendiest streets of Paris are very close ! Hipster bars, restaurants, art galleries, librairies and trendy shops are neighboors. You are also in the middle of Paris historical center, walking distance to many sightseeing spots and museums !  The apartment is actually part of a typical Parisian residence (securated building), on 4th floor with a lift. There is no problem to bring the luggages upstairs. The place is quiet, with a large double-glazed window. The apartment itself is clean, confortable (double bed, bureau, bookcase, a table with three chairs) and charming with a large wall miror and a marble chimney. WIFI-INTERNET is available. There is eveything you need in the KITCHEN to cook : oven, ricecooker, stoves, pans, italian coffeemaker, Kettle, teapot (No micro-waves) and a washing machine for laundry. The bathroom is equipped with a cabin shower, soap and shampoo. All bed linen is provided as well as towels and a hairdryer. 	Studio of 26m2 located in LE MARAIS. The trendiest streets of Paris are very close ! Hipsters bars, restaurants, art galleries, librairies and shops are neighboors. You can also reach many museums and sightseeing spots by foot... Welcome ! The studio is located in LE MARAIS (upper area). The trendiest streets of Paris are very close ! Hipster bars, restaurants, art galleries, librairies and trendy shops are neighboors. You are also in the middle of Paris historical center, walking distance to many sightseeing spots and museums !  The apartment is actually part of a typical Parisian residence (securated building), on 4th floor with a lift. There is no problem to bring the luggages upstairs. The place is quiet, with a large double-glazed window. The apartment itself is clean, confortable (double bed, bureau, bookcase, a table with three chairs) and charming with a large wall miror and a marble chimney. WIFI-INTERNET is available. There is eveything you need in the KITCHEN to cook : oven,
17801	30 M2 flat completely refurbished in January  with all facilities.   Flat is located in the Marais district 2mn from Picasso Museum and rue de Bretagne (all shops). The apartment is in a building courtyard therefore very quiet and with security access code. There is large windows bay providing very good luminosity of the flat during the day(picture shown were took in the evening). Open kitchen with all necessary appliances including dishwasher, microwave, oven, coffee machine, toaster, refrigerator... Living room with a luxury sofa bed for 2 adults and 1 extra convertible bed for 1 adult. Only available for a minimum of 5 days. Modern bathroom with a comfortable shower and toilet including all equipment like washing machine and dryer, ironing equipment, hair dryer, bed linens and towels This apartment includes all facilities , TV/CD/DVD/Cable channels,free phone  on international landline, free internet connection. The location is very central with 3 metro stops nearby, close to all to	30 M2 flat completely refurbished in January  with all facilities.   Flat is located in the Marais district 2mn from Picasso Museum and rue de Bretagne (all shops). The apartment is in a building courtyard therefore very quiet and with security access code. There is large windows bay providing very good luminosity of the flat during the day(picture shown were took in the evening). Open kitchen with all necessary appliances including dishwasher, microwave, oven, coffee machine, toaster, refrigerator... Living room with a luxury sofa bed for 2 adults and 1 extra convertible bed for 1 adult. Only available for a minimum of 5 days. Modern bathroom with a comfortable shower and toilet including all equipment like washing machine and dryer, ironing equipment, hair dryer, bed linens and towels This apartment includes all facilities , TV/CD/DVD/Cable channels,free phone  on international landline, free internet connection. The location is very central with 3 metro stops nearby, close to all to
17802	Cosy flat in the heart of Marais, really well located you will enjoy the real parisian lifestyle! Fancy and famous area. Having one spacious bedroom and living room. The building is located in a peaceful street 	Fully renovated and equipped apartment, located on the third floor in front of the town hall and his park, and the amazing Carreau du temple.  Cosy and central flat, perfect to enjoy Paris. Sofa bed in the living room can be use to add 2people Cosy flat in the heart of Marais, really well located you will enjoy the real parisian lifestyle! Fancy and famous area. Having one spacious bedroom and living room. The building is located in a peaceful street  everything wont be at the flat during your stay, but can keep in touch at any time The magical Marché des Enfants rouges is just  few steps from the flat, awesome atmosphere and dishes... Full of epic shops, restaurants and museum around.  2minutes walk from the subway Temple and 5minutes walks from Republique, really well deserve. 
17803	APARTMENT INFORMATION This charming 40 m² (430 sq. feet) apartment is located on Rue des Francs Bourgeois in the lively 3rd district called Marais. From Rue des Francs Bourgeois you enter into a courtyard through a large wooden gate. There is a security code at the gate. This bright apartment has three double 2m high windows which open into the courtyard. It is equipped with an oven, nespresso machine, electric kettle, toaster, glass-ceramic cooktop panel, fridge, freezer, washing machine, hair dryer, bathtub, cable TV, unlimited high speed internet access, WiFi, stereo with iPhone interface. The apartment accommodates 3 people or 2 adults + 2 children. Also provided: fresh bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway: St. Paul / Bastille, Metro Line 1 (directly connecting to : Château de Vincennes, Louvre, Tuileries, Place de la Concorde and Champs-Elysées) Area: Le Marais. This apartment is located Rue des Francs Bourgeois in the 3rd district called	APARTMENT INFORMATION This charming 40 m² (430 sq. feet) apartment is located on Rue des Francs Bourgeois in the lively 3rd district called Marais. From Rue des Francs Bourgeois you enter into a courtyard through a large wooden gate. There is a security code at the gate. This bright apartment has three double 2m high windows which open into the courtyard. It is equipped with an oven, nespresso machine, electric kettle, toaster, glass-ceramic cooktop panel, fridge, freezer, washing machine, hair dryer, bathtub, cable TV, unlimited high speed internet access, WiFi, stereo with iPhone interface. The apartment accommodates 3 people or 2 adults + 2 children. Also provided: fresh bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway: St. Paul / Bastille, Metro Line 1 (directly connecting to : Château de Vincennes, Louvre, Tuileries, Place de la Concorde and Champs-Elysées) Area: Le Marais. This apartment is located Rue des Francs Bourgeois in the 3rd district called
17804	Studio quiet, bright with 2 windows overlooking a leafy courtyard. Very comfortable Murphy bed. Coffee table ascending.	"Studio 17 m² located in the upper Marais district Kids Red and specifically in the old enclosure of the temple. This floor located studio has a private terrace with trees of 10 m 2 for breakfast in peace. Studio quiet, bright with 2 windows overlooking a leafy courtyard. Very comfortable Murphy bed. Coffee table ascending. The employees of Café Crème (the same street) are available; Cathy and Anthony or ask Estelle. You can also contact the ""Season"" in front of Café Crème. We are in the neighborhood Enfants Rouges near the oldest food market in Paris in the swamp. To see: the Carreau du Temple, the Picasso Museum, Place des Vosges, the Place de la République and the Bastille. Metro Temple or Republic."
17805	This very spacious 2-bedroom apartment is 100 sqm (around 1076 sq ft), is sunny all day, decorated with style, fully equipped and was totally renovated in May 2014. Located on the 5th floor of a 19th century parisian building, it is accessible via an elevator, has wooden floors in all the rooms (except marble in kitchen and bathrooms), a chimney in each room, ceiling trims and double-glass windows all over to keep it quiet all day long. You can also enjoy our long balcony for the view. It is perfect for a family as it can hold one couple and a child : • Master bedroom bed : 180 cm × 200 cm / 71 in × 79 in  • Children's room : bed up to 3 years old : 129 cm x 67 cm : 51 in x 26 in For an extra child, please let us know in advance so we can arrange another bed.	Spacious, sunny, stylish, fully equipped and totally renovated  2-bedroom apartment is located in the heart of the north Marais area, on the 5th floor of a 19th century parisian building. 2 min walk from where the action is. IDEAL FOR COUPLE + BABY This very spacious 2-bedroom apartment is 100 sqm (around 1076 sq ft), is sunny all day, decorated with style, fully equipped and was totally renovated in May 2014. Located on the 5th floor of a 19th century parisian building, it is accessible via an elevator, has wooden floors in all the rooms (except marble in kitchen and bathrooms), a chimney in each room, ceiling trims and double-glass windows all over to keep it quiet all day long. You can also enjoy our long balcony for the view. It is perfect for a family as it can hold one couple and a child : • Master bedroom bed : 180 cm × 200 cm / 71 in × 79 in  • Children's room : bed up to 3 years old : 129 cm x 67 cm : 51 in x 26 in For an extra child, please let us know in advance so we can ar
17806		Its 26 sqm (300 square feet) offers a bedroom with a double bed, a living room with a double sofa bed that can accommodate two additional people. It also has a fully equipped kitchen open to the living room, which has a dishwasher, oven, fridge ... a
17807	Balcony with beautiful views, a rarity in the neighborhood! Located in the upper MARAIS district filled with boutiques, shops, grocery stores, cafés and restaurants, you will find yourself in the best location to discover Paris! This charming apartment has all the modern amenities and equipment to ensure you have an enjoyable and comfortable stay.	You'll find yourself in the most trendy and vibrant neighborhood of Paris surrounded by cafés, bars, boutiques, museums and galleries! Come and enjoy Paris as a local! Balcony with beautiful views, a rarity in the neighborhood! Located in the upper MARAIS district filled with boutiques, shops, grocery stores, cafés and restaurants, you will find yourself in the best location to discover Paris! This charming apartment has all the modern amenities and equipment to ensure you have an enjoyable and comfortable stay. YOU WILL FIND IN THE APARTMENT: *Complimentary access to High Speed Wi-fi *Living area with chairs and dining table *Balcony with chairs and small table *Confortable sofa *Fully equipped kitchen (toaster, microwave, kettle) *Flat screen TV *Queen sized bed with firm matress (160*200cm) *Bathroom with modern shower and toilet (hair dryer, washing machine and drying machine all provided) *Sheets and towels are provided Come and enjoy Paris as a local! I have many recommendations 
17808	NEW!  This beautiful studio enjoys a fantastic location right in the heart of Paris, in one of the most popular and trendiest streets of a historical district called Le Marais. The Rue Charlot, with its 17th century buildings, echoes the heyday of artistocratic and nobility splendor, and it is now THE place where Fashion meets Art. Wander through designers shops and art galleries, stop for a coffee at one of the most trendiest bars in town, enter one of many temples of gastronomy, and enjoy the best nightlife of Paris! To cut a long story short, experience the true Parisian feel ! The studio has been very stylishly and elegantly decorated, successfully mixing clean-lined modernity with more soulful classicism. The bedroom side is elegantly decorated and features a beautifully welcoming queen-size bed. The bathroom is warm and beautiful, with top quality shower and amenities. The two French windows finished with somptuous curtains look on to the street while ensuring wonderfully peacefu	This beautiful studio enjoys a fantastic location right in the heart of Paris, in one of the most popular and trendiest streets of a historical district called Le Marais. Wander through this historic neighborhood and enjoy all Paris has to offer! NEW!  This beautiful studio enjoys a fantastic location right in the heart of Paris, in one of the most popular and trendiest streets of a historical district called Le Marais. The Rue Charlot, with its 17th century buildings, echoes the heyday of artistocratic and nobility splendor, and it is now THE place where Fashion meets Art. Wander through designers shops and art galleries, stop for a coffee at one of the most trendiest bars in town, enter one of many temples of gastronomy, and enjoy the best nightlife of Paris! To cut a long story short, experience the true Parisian feel ! The studio has been very stylishly and elegantly decorated, successfully mixing clean-lined modernity with more soulful classicism. The bedroom side is elegantly dec
17809		My appartement is located in the heart of Paris, has all the modern amenities and equipement to ensure you have an enjoyable and confortable stay. The fully equipped kitchen will allow ou to stay in and cook if you prefer a quiet evening at home. My appartement is located in the center of paris, you can walk everywhere and reach in 15 minutes maximum the best neighbourhoods in paris. 5 minutes away from the appartement is LA RUE DE MONTORGUEIL wher you can find the best local groceries, butchers, cheese shops and bread stores! Just around the corner is the MARAIS area, a trendy and vibrant neighborhood famous for it's fashion boutiques, galleries and muséums. On the other side is les GRANDS BOULEVARDS in the 9th area, between opéra and Montmartre. very close of the Subway Réaumur Sébastopol( lignes 3 and 4). you can also choose to walk everywhere!
17810	studio very efficient with everything you will need in and outside also, in the middle of le marais little village in paris very famous	In the village of paris called the marais.very safe.close to metro station and (website hidden) of paris.very nice café and bistrot (website hidden) front of the new picasso museum just renovated. Nice studio with all the thing you need... studio very efficient with everything you will need in and outside also, in the middle of le marais little village in paris very famous i can tell you the best place in Paris, museum, district, restaurants and bars. the marais.a beautifull little village in (website hidden) museum bars and very good restaurants subway and bus very easy around
17811	"Location: Paris Arrondissement 3, Paris, Ile-de-France (Paris Area), France, Europe (3rd District - Le Marais, next to Place de la République) with INTERNET  Accommodations: Apartment, 3 Bedrooms, 1 Bathroom, 1 WC, Sleeps 1-10 (11 if there is 1 child 4 years younger)  Just next to Place de la République, this apartment sits in the historical building of Passage Vendome, one of the most characteristic passages of the old Paris. This 860 sq. ft.. (80 m2) apartment is up four flights of stairs. The building is located across two courtyards, so the apartment offers absolute silence and calm.  The entrance opens onto a large living room, in which antique and modern furnishing creates a unique atmosphere. Floor is in marble and there are a fireplace, an antique dining table & six chairs, a pendulum, two antiques cupboard, two comfortable design chairs with a little table, and a CD player.  The kitchen is spacious, modern, and fully equipped. It is separated from the living area by ""colombage"	In the Marais, just next to Place de la République, this apartment sits in the building of Passage Vendome, one of the most characteristic passages of the old Paris. Location: Paris Arrondissement 3, Paris, Ile-de-France (Paris Area), France, Europe (3rd District - Le Marais, next to Place de la République) with INTERNET  Accommodations: Apartment, 3 Bedrooms, 1 Bathroom, 1 WC, Sleeps 1-10 (11 if there is 1 child 4 years younger)  Just next to Place de la République, this apartment sits in the historical building of Passage Vendome, one of the most characteristic passages of the old Paris. This 860 sq. ft.. (80 m2) apartment is up four flights of stairs. The building is located across two courtyards, so the apartment offers absolute silence and calm.  The entrance opens onto a large living room, in which antique and modern furnishing creates a unique atmosphere. Floor is in marble and there are a fireplace, an antique dining table & six chairs, a pendulum, two antiques cupboard, two co
17812	https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/4091991 http://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/4091991	Joli 2 pièces tout équipé, très lumineux au calme d'une petite rue au coeur du Carreau du Temple, quartier animé du haut du marais avec ses nombreux restaurants. A 1min de la place de la République, station de métro aux nombreuses connexions. https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/4091991 http://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/4091991
17813	Le studio se compose d'une grande pièce centrale qui fait de salon et de chambre, un canape-lit de deux places et un sofa qui devient un lit, une grande table, cuisine separée avec four microonde et un petit four, plaques électriques, salle de bain et wc séparé.	"Bonjour! studio lumineux et spacieux de 30 m2 dans le coeur de la capitale, trois places lit, Metro République, en plein milieu entre la ""Paris plus hipster"" du Canal Saint Martin et à deux pas du Marais, du musée Pompidou et de la Bastille! Le studio se compose d'une grande pièce centrale qui fait de salon et de chambre, un canape-lit de deux places et un sofa qui devient un lit, une grande table, cuisine separée avec four microonde et un petit four, plaques électriques, salle de bain et wc séparé. L'accès avec code se fait par l'escalier sur votre gauche, l'apartement se trouve au troisième étage sans ascenseur, mais pas trop dur de monter, promis! Proche de beaucoup de lignes du Metro, 8,9,5,3, 4"
17814	What I'm renting you is the couch in the apartment I'm living in, so we will be sharing the bathroom, the kitchen and the living room (I'm staying in another private room).  If you are interested in an other room for 2 or the other one for 1 , check my other posts, it can be possible according to the dates! The breakfast is included, i provide clean sheets and towels. Other good points:  WIFI and calls to landlines in most european, south american and USA locations as well as some other (japan ...). Très calme, au rdc sur cour intérieur.  Appartement plein de charme (entre chalet et bateau!)  Au cœur du marais (métro Art et Métier) Profitez de sa grande cuisine équipée  Lave vaisselle et lave linge à disposition  internet en wi-fi, draps et serviettes de toilette En plein centre de Paris, vous êtes à quelques pas de tous commerces ( boulangeries, épiceries fines, supermarché bio, Franprix, épiceries de nuit, traiteurs ...)  Le magnifique quartier historique du Marais regorge de boutiqu	English speaking guy rents a quiet room for 1 person.  Excellent for work/studies, with wi-fi.  Here you will have the assurance of staying in a safe, nice, central neighborhood  I really like to cook, and can make you french specialties ! The kitchen is big and fully equipped. What I'm renting you is the couch in the apartment I'm living in, so we will be sharing the bathroom, the kitchen and the living room (I'm staying in another private room).  If you are interested in an other room for 2 or the other one for 1 , check my other posts, it can be possible according to the dates! The breakfast is included, i provide clean sheets and towels. Other good points:  WIFI and calls to landlines in most european, south american and USA locations as well as some other (japan ...). Très calme, au rdc sur cour intérieur.  Appartement plein de charme (entre chalet et bateau!)  Au cœur du marais (métro Art et Métier) Profitez de sa grande cuisine équipée  Lave vaisselle et lave linge à disposition
17815	"Cocoon studio Charming renovated studio of 15m2 in the heart of the Marais located in the historical and beautiful PASTOURELLE street, the most quiet and attractive Marais without the noise of the Parisian crazy night Located on the 6 floor with elevator, this studio could accomodate 2 and a baby ( baby cot is available on request for free) The studio is equipped with a multi functions microwaves, a kettle, a Nespresso coffee maker, a fridge and a basic kitchen set tools There is also and LCD and internet wifi free of charge  All linen and bath towels are including Located in the heart of Paris in the historic Marais district  You can do everything on foot: Notre Dame cathédrale, Beaubourg museum, Louvre museum, Place des Vosges, Saint Paul etc....And the Famous market ""the red children"" oldest market in Paris On the foot of the building entrance you will find a velib and autolib station (car and bike rental) If you come with your own car you will find at the corner street a public par"	"Cocoon studio Charming renovated studio of 15m2 in the heart of the Marais located in the historical and beautiful PASTOURELLE street, the most quiet and attractive Marais without the noise of the Parisian crazy night Located on the 6 floor with elevator, this studio could accomodate 2 and a baby ( baby cot is available on request for free) The studio is equipped with a multi functions microwaves, a kettle, a Nespresso coffee maker, a fridge and a basic kitchen set tools There is also and LCD and internet wifi free of charge  All linen and bath towels are including Located in the heart of Paris in the historic Marais district  You can do everything on foot: Notre Dame cathédrale, Beaubourg museum, Louvre museum, Place des Vosges, Saint Paul etc....And the Famous market ""the red children"" oldest market in Paris On the foot of the building entrance you will find a velib and autolib station (car and bike rental) If you come with your own car you will find at the corner street a public par"
17816	Charming duplex in the heart of the Marais. Ideally located rue de Poitou close to the Picasso museum, restaurants and trendy fashion shops, this charming duplex offers all the charm of Parisian life at a price defying any competition. You will find a charming little kitchen, a comfortable living room with a beautiful view of greenery, a shower room and a the loft bedroom  where you can admire the starry sky of Paris!	Charming duplex in the heart of the Marais. Ideally located rue de Poitou close to the Picasso museum, restaurants and trendy fashion shops, this charming duplex offers all the charm of Parisian life at a price defying any competition. Charming duplex in the heart of the Marais. Ideally located rue de Poitou close to the Picasso museum, restaurants and trendy fashion shops, this charming duplex offers all the charm of Parisian life at a price defying any competition. You will find a charming little kitchen, a comfortable living room with a beautiful view of greenery, a shower room and a the loft bedroom  where you can admire the starry sky of Paris!
17817	New on airbnb!!! Completely renovated in Summer 2015. Amazing! Experiment the life in Paris in an historical building built during the reign of King Louis XV in 1760. A very quiet 2-rooms unit in a focal point of Parisian life. Separate small bedroom with queen size bed. A very quiet & cosy suite completely renovated with Art Deco stained glasses and some historical furnitures. Free Wifi Access.  High quality of the Beds (4 people) : 1x2p (Queen-size). 2x1p. Memory foam mattresses (each one : 20cm thick) Sunny : on the 4th floor.	"Centrally located in Paris in the marais, 12 min walk to Notre-Dame & Beaubourg. Typical parisian 2-room unit, with exposed beams and XVIII century old exagonal floor tile. Renovated in 2015, peaceful, charming, take breakfast in the sun (3 windows). New on airbnb!!! Completely renovated in Summer 2015. Amazing! Experiment the life in Paris in an historical building built during the reign of King Louis XV in 1760. A very quiet 2-rooms unit in a focal point of Parisian life. Separate small bedroom with queen size bed. A very quiet & cosy suite completely renovated with Art Deco stained glasses and some historical furnitures. Free Wifi Access.  High quality of the Beds (4 people) : 1x2p (Queen-size). 2x1p. Memory foam mattresses (each one : 20cm thick) Sunny : on the 4th floor. This is a safe, centrally, historical area. Very close to the ""Market of the Enfants Rouges"", the oldest market in Paris, dated 1615! In ""Rue de Bretagne"" and ""Carreau du Temple"" district. (Métro Temple, Rambuteau"
17818	Fully refurbished 2 bedroom flat conveniently located in the heart of lively hip Marais district. (Enfants Rouge/rue de Bretagne).  The whole neighborhood is very lively, it's considered to be one the trendiest place to live in. bustling neighbourhood bursting with restaurants, bars and boutiques, while still being walking distance from the top sights (Notre Dame, Seine, Place des Vosges, Pompidou, etc) .  Very typical Paris apartment dating back 17th century, fully refurbished with modern equipments.  Completely refurbished in may 2012 Very bright flat full of light 55m2.  Closest subway stations are Republique, Filles du Calvaire,  (line 3,9,11,8,5) Also many bus lines if you don’t fancy subways.  Chatelet-Les Halles is close to the apartment  (a 15 min walk) which is the biggest hub for subway/RER (express subway) lines in Paris.  2bedroom with one bed (160) and one bed (100) 1 Big bathroom with large bathtub Wooden floor, high ceiling (3meters) Room and lounge equipped with a firep	Fully refurbished 2 bedroom flat conveniently located in the heart of lively hip Marais district. (Enfants Rouge/rue de Bretagne).  The whole neighborhood is very lively, it's considered to be one the trendiest place to live in. bustling neighbourhood bursting with restaurants, bars and boutiques, while still being walking distance from the top sights (Notre Dame, Seine, Place des Vosges, Pompidou, etc) .  Very typical Paris apartment dating back 17th century, fully refurbished with modern equipments.  Completely refurbished in may 2012 Very bright flat full of light 55m2.  Closest subway stations are Republique, Filles du Calvaire,  (line 3,9,11,8,5) Also many bus lines if you don’t fancy subways.  Chatelet-Les Halles is close to the apartment  (a 15 min walk) which is the biggest hub for subway/RER (express subway) lines in Paris.  2bedroom with one bed (160) and one bed (100) 1 Big bathroom with large bathtub Wooden floor, high ceiling (3meters) Room and lounge equipped with a firep
17819	Welcome to this fully renovated 3 bedroom 2 full bathroom apartment in the heart of Haut Marais.  Situated on the 2nd floor with an elevator, the building has a typical Parisian charm.    1st bedroom has a king size bed (160x200) along with an en suite shower room; 2nd bedroom has a queen size bed (140x190) and the 3rd bedroom has a single bed.  The kitchen is fully equipped with brand new appliances and opens up to the living room where you can enjoy the flat screen tv, Wifi, dining table, sofa or just peep out the window to people watch.   Both the bathroom and shower room include toilets and all facilities are new. The weather in Paris is usually mild even in the Summer, but for those who prefer to stay cool there are 3 fans prepared for your convenience.	Ideally located in trendy Haut Marais, steps away from 3 metro stops and walking distance to chic boutiques (Merci, APC, Sandro), tourist sites (Picasso, Pompidou, Pl. des Voges), food stores (Maison Plisson, Jacques Genin, Marche des Enfants Rouge) Welcome to this fully renovated 3 bedroom 2 full bathroom apartment in the heart of Haut Marais.  Situated on the 2nd floor with an elevator, the building has a typical Parisian charm.    1st bedroom has a king size bed (160x200) along with an en suite shower room; 2nd bedroom has a queen size bed (140x190) and the 3rd bedroom has a single bed.  The kitchen is fully equipped with brand new appliances and opens up to the living room where you can enjoy the flat screen tv, Wifi, dining table, sofa or just peep out the window to people watch.   Both the bathroom and shower room include toilets and all facilities are new. The weather in Paris is usually mild even in the Summer, but for those who prefer to stay cool there are 3 fans prepared for
17820	6th floor without lift 1 main room with a real bed inside the wall 1 separate kitchen 1 bathroom (with bath)	"6th floor without lift 1 main room with a real bed inside the wall 1 separate kitchen 1 bathroom (with bath) The best place in Paris! Lots of contemporary art galleries and designer boutiques (see rue Verbois), restaurants, trendy bars close by. What to do in the area? - 5 minutes walk: La Gaité Lyrique: one of the best concert venues in Paris. Brunch on sunday morning. - 6 minutes walk: Rue au Maire: many chinese restaurants (even a chinese supermarket) - 6 minutes walk: Place de la République: the place of ""Nous sommes Charlie"", always busy, if you are looking for general public places (fast foods etc.) - 9 minutes walk: Le Marché des Enfants Rouge: a must-see! Many stalls: rotisseries, Moroccan, Lebanese, Japanese, and Italian food... to eat in or or take-away. - 13 minutes walk: Canal Saint Martin: all the Parisians meet there for the aperitif when the weather is nice. Very convenient for public transports: 5 minutes walk to the subway stations Arts-et-Métiers (L11), Temple (L3) an"
17821	"This charming studio was ideally situated at the heart of the capital, the very festive and relaxed district, it counts famous Parisian monuments of which Art Modern Georges Pompidou's museum, it is also renowned for sound highly-rated ""trendy"" thanks to its numerous bars and restaurants.   The district is very well harmed(served) by the public transportation. The closest stations are: Beaubourg or Châtelet Les Halles (express since airports)  The main museums and the places of interest are situated in 10mn on foot (The famous district ""Le Marais"" , ""Notre-Dame"",""La Saint Chapelle"", ""Place des Vosges"", ""Le Louvre"" ...)  The apartment was redone in October, 2012. The studio is situated in the 2nd floor with elevator and can welcome 2 persons in a double bed of very good quality.  Completely equipped, you will enjoy all the comfort necessary for your stay: television with cable, internet in WiFi, unlimited telephony (even towards the foreigner(foreign countries)) as well as a washing mac"	"This charming studio was ideally situated at the heart of the capital, the very festive and relaxed district, it counts famous Parisian monuments of which Art Modern Georges Pompidou's museum, it is also renowned for sound highly-rated ""trendy"" thanks to its numerous bars and restaurants.   The district is very well harmed(served) by the public transportation. The closest stations are: Beaubourg or Châtelet Les Halles (express since airports)  The main museums and the places of interest are situated in 10mn on foot (The famous district ""Le Marais"" , ""Notre-Dame"",""La Saint Chapelle"", ""Place des Vosges"", ""Le Louvre"" ...)  The apartment was redone in October, 2012. The studio is situated in the 2nd floor with elevator and can welcome 2 persons in a double bed of very good quality.  Completely equipped, you will enjoy all the comfort necessary for your stay: television with cable, internet in WiFi, unlimited telephony (even towards the foreigner(foreign countries)) as well as a washing mac"
17822		夏尔妮家旅店是位于巴黎市中心二区的华人家庭旅店（只接受中文咨询）。步行10分钟到蓬皮杜，15分钟到塞纳河，20分钟到卢浮宫，20分钟到老佛爷，歌剧院，春天百货。  本店是一个三房一厅的套房，厕所，卫浴，厨房有微波炉，烧开水壶，冰箱，碗筷。洗衣带烘干6欧一桶，不用为洗衣而烦恼。  床上用品一客一换，24小时热水供应，每天有专人全面清洁。免费提供吹风机，沐浴露洗发水，餐巾纸，转换插座，免费的高速光纤WIFI网络。
17823		Bonjour à tous  Je mets à votre disposition mon appartement, situé entre les métros St Sébastien Froissard et Chemin-vert, à proximité de la place des Vosges et du cœur du Marais.
17824	Very charming area located in the famous district called « Le Marais » which is in between the « Carreau du Temple » - an eminent place for cultural events and fashion shows – and the «  rue de Bretagne » a renowned street with it amazing « Marché des Enfants Rouges ». The apartment takes place on the 2nd floor, above a gallery. It is surrounded by the « Cité Dupetit Thouars », a little charming street, and a private cobbled courtyard.  	Bienvenue dans cet appart-loft plein de charme de 50 m2, entièrement équipé de meubles de designers ( Raymond Loewy, Arne Jacobsen... ). Very charming area located in the famous district called « Le Marais » which is in between the « Carreau du Temple » - an eminent place for cultural events and fashion shows – and the «  rue de Bretagne » a renowned street with it amazing « Marché des Enfants Rouges ». The apartment takes place on the 2nd floor, above a gallery. It is surrounded by the « Cité Dupetit Thouars », a little charming street, and a private cobbled courtyard.  
17825	"30 square meters, large and design studio with a separate sleeping area, completely renovated. Full of light, 4 windows, very nice view on Arts et Metiers Museum and Parisian roof. Few minutes of walks of the marais, Châtelet les halles and Beaubourg.   Living room: a large sofa with a real bed for one adult, a TVHD, DVD, free internet access, Ipod speaker, coffee table. Kitchen open on the living room with: micro wave, cook tops, fridge, coffee maker, toaster, teapot, washing machine and all you might need for cooking. A dining counter with two bar chairs. Sleeping area: separated from the living room by a heavy curtain (very romantic) with a bed for two adults (140 X 200cm) two cupboards and a dressing. One window on an inside courtyard. Bathroom with large Italian shower, bath sink and loo in a modern style and hair dryer. Iron and its table. The place is rented with clean and fresh towels and linen. AREA : ""Arts et metiers"" metro station is in front of the building (line 3 and 11) "	"30 square meters, large and design studio with a separate sleeping area, completely renovated. Full of light, 4 windows, very nice view on Arts et Metiers Museum and Parisian roof. Few minutes of walks of the marais, Châtelet les halles and Beaubourg.   Living room: a large sofa with a real bed for one adult, a TVHD, DVD, free internet access, Ipod speaker, coffee table. Kitchen open on the living room with: micro wave, cook tops, fridge, coffee maker, toaster, teapot, washing machine and all you might need for cooking. A dining counter with two bar chairs. Sleeping area: separated from the living room by a heavy curtain (very romantic) with a bed for two adults (140 X 200cm) two cupboards and a dressing. One window on an inside courtyard. Bathroom with large Italian shower, bath sink and loo in a modern style and hair dryer. Iron and its table. The place is rented with clean and fresh towels and linen. AREA : ""Arts et metiers"" metro station is in front of the building (line 3 and 11) "
17826	Ce studio sera votre nid idéal de par sa position centrale, pour rejoindre à pied ou à vélo (station velib à 30 m) de nombreuses attractions touristiques parisiennes (50 m de l'entrée du Conservatoire des Arts et Métiers, moins de 10 min à pied du Musée National d'Art Moderne, 10 min du centre commercial des Halles, de l'Hôtel de Ville de paris ou de Notre-dame...) Le quartier est animé et vous serez entouré de nombreux restaurants, galeries d'Art et boutiques de mode. Idéal également pour un expatrié à paris.	Charmant studio de 16 m2 + 4 m2 en mezzanine situé au coeur de paris dans le célèbre quartier du Marais. Genre petit loft, l'appartement dispose de tout le confort nécessaire pour 3 personnes et est au calme au rdc sur cour. Haut de plafond. Ce studio sera votre nid idéal de par sa position centrale, pour rejoindre à pied ou à vélo (station velib à 30 m) de nombreuses attractions touristiques parisiennes (50 m de l'entrée du Conservatoire des Arts et Métiers, moins de 10 min à pied du Musée National d'Art Moderne, 10 min du centre commercial des Halles, de l'Hôtel de Ville de paris ou de Notre-dame...) Le quartier est animé et vous serez entouré de nombreux restaurants, galeries d'Art et boutiques de mode. Idéal également pour un expatrié à paris. Je suis là pour vous accueillir, vous remettre les clés et vous décrire le quartier en vous donnant mes bonnes adresses de restaurants. Et puis je répondrai avec plaisir à toutes les questions sur vos visites dans Paris et sa région. Très cen
17827	"Charming studio full of light located in the beautiful Marais district of paris.... this beautiful early 18th century building with a cobblestone courtyard is equipped with a security code and is located in the gay quartier,""le Marais"",wich is the center of the oldest parts of paris. The marais is dotted with beautiful hotel particulars,beautiful facades and courtyards wich are lingering reminders from the 17th and 18th centuries. in this lively neighborhood you will uncover ample cafes,bars,bakeries,pharmacies,vintage clothing and shops for paris memorabilia. The heart of tha marais is also well known for the clothing shops featuring up and coming designers as well as popular chic brands. You will also discover,within close proximity,the ""place des Vosges"" ,where Victor Hugo once lived,the picasso museum,the center georges pompidou,notre dame,ans a plethora of small cosy less know museums that are a joy to discover. When exiting the appartment you will encounter several supermarkets a"	"Joli studio de 22 mètres carrés au cœur du marais  Très calme sur cour au 3ème et dernier étage ... Le calme au cœur du marais ... Charming studio full of light located in the beautiful Marais district of paris.... this beautiful early 18th century building with a cobblestone courtyard is equipped with a security code and is located in the gay quartier,""le Marais"",wich is the center of the oldest parts of paris. The marais is dotted with beautiful hotel particulars,beautiful facades and courtyards wich are lingering reminders from the 17th and 18th centuries. in this lively neighborhood you will uncover ample cafes,bars,bakeries,pharmacies,vintage clothing and shops for paris memorabilia. The heart of tha marais is also well known for the clothing shops featuring up and coming designers as well as popular chic brands. You will also discover,within close proximity,the ""place des Vosges"" ,where Victor Hugo once lived,the picasso museum,the center georges pompidou,notre dame,ans a plethor"
17828	Our flat is really pleasant to live thanks to our full equiped kitchen even if it is quite small. You can also enjoy taking a bath thanks to our equiped bathroom. We also have sunlight in the living room from noon to evening !  It is lovely flat of 40m2 perfect for a couple!  It si also pleasant cause you can open windows without being bored from noises: our flat is perfectly located between really cool area with restaurants/bars (which close early) and lovely and quiet place so that you are not bored during evening and nights.  	Charming flat in the heart of Marais (next to République/Saint-Paul) and close to the Carreau du Temple. Perfect for a couple. There a lot of restaurants, bars and concepts stores in the neighborhood and our flat is located on a quiet place. Enjoy !
17829	Appartement de deux pièces calme et lumineux en plein coeur du Marais.	Exceptionnel Marais, face au Jardin des Archives. Duplex de 40 m², contemporain, dans un monument historique. Entrée indépendante sur une cour classée.  Séjour cathédrale. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (lave vaisselle, lave linge, frigo) Appartement de deux pièces calme et lumineux en plein coeur du Marais.
17830	Beautiful loft center historical Paris, excellent location THE NEIGHBORHOOD - Haut-Marais & Montorgueil All what you need is around the corner THE FLAT 3th floor, open space 45 m2 facing south, full of light - double comfortable bed and dressing - open kitchen fully equipped : vitroceramic stove, oven, an integrated fridge and a freezer, washing-drying machines as well as dishes, pans, cups and glasses - bathroom with window - separate toilet with window.  - living room with sofa and table - fine library (french litterature, theater, art and philosophy).. and 2 yoga mats. > SERVICES & FACILITIES Fully furnished with fresh towels and sheets… all you need to bring are your clothes and toothbrush. (*)  WIFI internet access and phone calls to landline numbers in USA, Canada and Europe are included. > RENTAL TERMS  This is a non-smoking apartment.  Pets are not allowed.  The apartment can be rented for a minimum of 3 nights and a maximum period of 1 month.  The monthly rental price varies a	Beautiful open space 44 m2 renovated as a loft by architect, located center historical Haut-Marais Paris. Ideal for a couple or a single person.    Beautiful loft center historical Paris, excellent location THE NEIGHBORHOOD - Haut-Marais & Montorgueil All what you need is around the corner THE FLAT 3th floor, open space 45 m2 facing south, full of light - double comfortable bed and dressing - open kitchen fully equipped : vitroceramic stove, oven, an integrated fridge and a freezer, washing-drying machines as well as dishes, pans, cups and glasses - bathroom with window - separate toilet with window.  - living room with sofa and table - fine library (french litterature, theater, art and philosophy).. and 2 yoga mats. > SERVICES & FACILITIES Fully furnished with fresh towels and sheets… all you need to bring are your clothes and toothbrush. (*)  WIFI internet access and phone calls to landline numbers in USA, Canada and Europe are included. > RENTAL TERMS  This is a non-smoking apartmen
17831	"This perfectly equipped and very tastefully furnished and designed spacious studio is really in the absolute center of Paris. Located in a small rather quiet side street, but once you go around one corner, you will find yourself right in the middle of what is popular as Paris most beautiful quartier and best area for shopping, galleries and cafe/restaurants, the famous busy small streets of ""Le Marais! The area most visitors want to stay in, as everyone who did once stay there is spreading out the word since years and years. The exact address is 15, rue Saint-Gilles 75003 Paris It´s on the 5th floor in a beautiful historic building from 17hundred. AMENITIES: -high speed internet included -bathtub -well equipped kitchen -luxury mattress (1400€) 140x200cm   -high quality linen and duvets and towels -most lights with dimmer switch to create romantic atmosphere -supermarket next door -laundry around the corner, -millions of great galleries, shops, boutiques, bars, restaurants and museums i"	"This perfectly equipped and very tastefully furnished and designed spacious studio is really in the absolute center of Paris. Located in a small rather quiet side street, but once you go around one corner, you will find yourself right in the middle of what is popular as Paris most beautiful quartier and best area for shopping, galleries and cafe/restaurants, the famous busy small streets of ""Le Marais! The area most visitors want to stay in, as everyone who did once stay there is spreading out the word since years and years. The exact address is 15, rue Saint-Gilles 75003 Paris It´s on the 5th floor in a beautiful historic building from 17hundred. AMENITIES: -high speed internet included -bathtub -well equipped kitchen -luxury mattress (1400€) 140x200cm   -high quality linen and duvets and towels -most lights with dimmer switch to create romantic atmosphere -supermarket next door -laundry around the corner, -millions of great galleries, shops, boutiques, bars, restaurants and museums i"
17832	380 ft2 Decoration is mixing contemporary spirit and vintage accessories. Nice old wood floor. A large table where you can eat or work for 4 people with 2 modern chair (Calligaris, Italian design) Situated on the 5th floor without elevator, the apartment is north and south exposed, full of light with a view on the roofs of Paris. It is suitable for 2 people. Bedroom with a double bed (160x200) with a high quality mattress. There is a window in each room, and three windows in the living room. Linen and towels and hairdryer provided.  Modern kitchen appliances: Refrigerator/Freezer, Dishwasher, heating plate.  Electric tea kettle, coffee machine and toaster.  The washer is on a separate room on same floor (and there is also 2 laundry with big dryer available on the street.) WiFi connections with very high speed Phone free calls to France and USA Fix and Mobile and several countries (only fix numbers) are included in the price, other telephone calls will be charged  Hair dryer, iron and i	Nice and confortable 1bd in the hearth of Marais The apartment is very charming and central, in the trendiest area of Paris ! 380 ft2 Decoration is mixing contemporary spirit and vintage accessories. Nice old wood floor. A large table where you can eat or work for 4 people with 2 modern chair (Calligaris, Italian design) Situated on the 5th floor without elevator, the apartment is north and south exposed, full of light with a view on the roofs of Paris. It is suitable for 2 people. Bedroom with a double bed (160x200) with a high quality mattress. There is a window in each room, and three windows in the living room. Linen and towels and hairdryer provided.  Modern kitchen appliances: Refrigerator/Freezer, Dishwasher, heating plate.  Electric tea kettle, coffee machine and toaster.  The washer is on a separate room on same floor (and there is also 2 laundry with big dryer available on the street.) WiFi connections with very high speed Phone free calls to France and USA Fix and Mobile and
17833	APARTMENT 1st floor (no elevator), the apartment consists of a living room with an american kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment has a lot of charm and decor is really nice. - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, oven, refrigerator with integrated freezer, dishwasher and dishes, pots, cups and glasses. - Bathroom with shower, washing machine and dryer, WC. - Living room with corner sofa and a dining table. - A bed is in the living room closet. 	The apartment consists of a living room with a fitted kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment has a lot of charm and decor is really nice... APARTMENT 1st floor (no elevator), the apartment consists of a living room with an american kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment has a lot of charm and decor is really nice. - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, oven, refrigerator with integrated freezer, dishwasher and dishes, pots, cups and glasses. - Bathroom with shower, washing machine and dryer, WC. - Living room with corner sofa and a dining table. - A bed is in the living room closet. THE BUILDING AND THE DISTRICT The neighborhood is quiet and trendy or there are numerous gallery and clothing store fashion. There is everything you need nearby: restaurants, cafes, covered market fresh produce, bakery, pharmacy, supermarket ... FROM / TO AIRPORT From the station Châtelet or North you can take the train to the airport Charles de Gaulle and Orly. SERVICES AND FACILITIES For short term rentals (less
17834	This 15 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in Le Marais area in Paris. It is on the third floor of a 18th century building with no elevator and  with a coded system.  The apartment features Wengé parquet floors in the main room There  is a window in the main room. There is a shower room with a window too. A kitchenette opens on the main room.  A washer is at your disposal. Amenities of the kitchen include a microwave and electric hotplates.  The apartment is fully equipped (coffee-machine, boiler, toaster, iron, iron table, ......etc).  There is a fully marbled and mirored  bathroom with toilets.  Wirelless Internet access and a cable TV with international cable channels is available. The window of the apartment opens on a coutyard. 	This 15 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in LE MARAIS area in Paris. It is on the third floor of a eightieth century building with no elevator and  with a coded system.  This 15 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in Le Marais area in Paris. It is on the third floor of a 18th century building with no elevator and  with a coded system.  The apartment features Wengé parquet floors in the main room There  is a window in the main room. There is a shower room with a window too. A kitchenette opens on the main room.  A washer is at your disposal. Amenities of the kitchen include a microwave and electric hotplates.  The apartment is fully equipped (coffee-machine, boiler, toaster, iron, iron table, ......etc).  There is a fully marbled and mirored  bathroom with toilets.  Wirelless Internet access and a cable TV with international cable channels is available. The window of the apartment opens on a coutyard. Access to the whole apartment. This furnished studio apartment is located
17835	Facing south with two large windows on a wide green tree-lined street, a nice overhead and two small courtyard windows, the apartment being very sunny and quiet. 6th Floor with elevator. Interior renovation done with care in 2014 gives a feeling of space. The rooms are independent and have new high quality bedding. All is done to make you feel at home.	This charming 2 bedrooms apartment 40m² (430 sq. feet) fully renovated by architect is located in the upper Marais, the heart of Paris right next to “Temple” metro: one of the most trendy and lively historic neighborhoods. Facing south with two large windows on a wide green tree-lined street, a nice overhead and two small courtyard windows, the apartment being very sunny and quiet. 6th Floor with elevator. Interior renovation done with care in 2014 gives a feeling of space. The rooms are independent and have new high quality bedding. All is done to make you feel at home. The apartment located on the 6th and last sunny floor with elevator of a nice 19th century Haussmann building consists of: - A hall with separate restrooms and washbasin, - A living room with a bar table around the fully equipped kitchen, - A room with double bed and new high quality bedding, - A room with single bed and working space desk, - A bathroom with large shower, sink and towel dry. The apartment is fully equi
17836	L' appartement est situé  au 5 étage sans ascenseur, d'une superficie de 38m². Très lumineux ( 3 fenêtres sur pièce à vivre) et calme car il donne sur cour, il comporte: une chambre/salon, une cuisine équipée, une petite salle de bain comportant un wc et une douche.  Les draps et serviettes de bain sont mis à disposition.  Les locataires auront accès à l'ensemble du logement. Seul l'utilisation de la machine à lavée est interdite.  je peux vous conseiller sur des coins sympa à visiter, sorties, bon resto, musées, ballades.... Lieux à voir dans les environs:  Châtelet/Les halls (boutiques)  Beaubourg (musée)  Le quartier du sentier avec ses boutiques de mode  Le marais l'ancien paris avec une architecture atypique.  Le petit Chinetown avec ses bons restaurants.  Métro:  ligne 3, 8, 9, 11, 5,  Bus:  ligne (phone number hidden)	Appartement chaleureux situé au coeur du quartier du Marais à 3 min du métro Temple, République, Arts et Métiers. Proche du centre George Pompidou, (Beaubourg), et des petits commerces de quartier.  L' appartement est situé  au 5 étage sans ascenseur, d'une superficie de 38m². Très lumineux ( 3 fenêtres sur pièce à vivre) et calme car il donne sur cour, il comporte: une chambre/salon, une cuisine équipée, une petite salle de bain comportant un wc et une douche.  Les draps et serviettes de bain sont mis à disposition.  Les locataires auront accès à l'ensemble du logement. Seul l'utilisation de la machine à lavée est interdite.  je peux vous conseiller sur des coins sympa à visiter, sorties, bon resto, musées, ballades.... Lieux à voir dans les environs:  Châtelet/Les halls (boutiques)  Beaubourg (musée)  Le quartier du sentier avec ses boutiques de mode  Le marais l'ancien paris avec une architecture atypique.  Le petit Chinetown avec ses bons restaurants.  Métro:  ligne 3, 8, 9, 11, 5,
17837	Perfectly located in one of the coolest Paris area, this recently renovated and tastefully furnished appartment is the perfect pied-a –terre to discover Paris. Typical Parisian building, very calm and luxury near Le Marais. Appartment sleeps 2 people (3 possible with a reasonable additional charge). High quality bedding with a real queen size bed. - Fully equiped Americain kitchen/bar, with Nespresso coffee machine, electric kettle, microwave oven, diner service. - The bathroom has a shower, heated towel rack and hair dryer. High quality towels are furnished.  - Living room : leather Sofa, Full HD/3D Sony Home Entertainment Vidéo Blue Ray Disc (Ipod connection), Cable TV, Free Internet WIFI connection. The appartment is located in the upper Marais, one of the trendiest place in Paris, steps away from great art galeries, cool antique shop, nice restaurants, great store, cafés, organic stores... The closest métro stations are Temple and République but you can also rent a bike in a little	Perfectly located in one of the coolest Paris area, this recently renovated and tastefully furnished appartment is the perfect pied-a –terre to discover Paris. Typical Parisian building, very calm and luxury near Le Marais. Perfectly located in one of the coolest Paris area, this recently renovated and tastefully furnished appartment is the perfect pied-a –terre to discover Paris. Typical Parisian building, very calm and luxury near Le Marais. Appartment sleeps 2 people (3 possible with a reasonable additional charge). High quality bedding with a real queen size bed. - Fully equiped Americain kitchen/bar, with Nespresso coffee machine, electric kettle, microwave oven, diner service. - The bathroom has a shower, heated towel rack and hair dryer. High quality towels are furnished.  - Living room : leather Sofa, Full HD/3D Sony Home Entertainment Vidéo Blue Ray Disc (Ipod connection), Cable TV, Free Internet WIFI connection. The appartment is located in the upper Marais, one of the trendi
17838	2 double bedrooms & sofa bed in the lounge. The apartment is on the inner courtyard side of the building, quiet and comfortable. Equipped kitchen with dishwasher, microwave & electric hobs. Bed linen & towels provided 	3 rooms entirely renovated,wooden beam ceiling, typical style of Le Marais quarter known for its restaurants,bars and small fashionable boutiques, right in the centre of Paris in a quiet & charming 17th century building. 2 double bedrooms & sofa bed in the lounge. The apartment is on the inner courtyard side of the building, quiet and comfortable. Equipped kitchen with dishwasher, microwave & electric hobs. Bed linen & towels provided Whole apartment I am always available if needed. Guests may contact me by telephone or email any time. Le Marais district with its trendy shops, bars and restaurants, cobbled streets & magnificient buildings dating back to the 17th century. Close by you'll find the Georges Pompidou Centre, Place des Vosges, the recently renovated Picasso museum,the Carnavalet museum and much more! The apartment is close to the oldest Chinatown in Paris with its shops and Asian restaurants. The central location makes it easy to walk to most attractions. There are also metr
17839	central et quartier magnifique !!	Au centre de Paris,  à quelques pas de tous: à 1mm du Métro , commerces ( boulangeries, épiceries fines, , Monoprix, épiceries de nuit, traiteurs ) Le magnifique quartier historique  regorge de boutiques, galeries ,le  Marché des Enfants Rouge central et quartier magnifique !! 
17840	In quiet, clean and cosy 60 m2 apartment located in the heart of Paris, between the 2nd and the 3rd floor of a clean and safe building with a lift located in the front of Centre Georges Pompidou. The room is bright and spacious. Nice towels and bed sheet provided. Breakfast is included. There are many restaurants, bars and shops in the area. Many trains, buses and boat stops around too.	A guest room in a nice flat perfectly located in the historical Beaubourg-Marais area, in the 2nd floor of a modern and a safe building in front of Centre Pompidou, only 3 min walk from Hotel de Ville and 7 min walk from Notre Dame and Louvre museum.
17841	pour 1 personne voire 2 (supplément de 25 euros pour la 2ème personne)	sur la place du carreau du temple,appartement tout confort,refait à neuf,calme,au coeur du quartier historique du marais,proche de la rue des archives,de la place de la République,de Bastille,de la place des Vosges,du musée Picasso et de Beaubourg. pour 1 personne voire 2 (supplément de 25 euros pour la 2ème personne) tout le carreau du temple,la place de la république,le calme les jardins et la sérénité.musées beaubourg,picasso,carnavalet,cognacq-jay,musée de la chasse et de la pêche,cirque d'hiver bus 20,75,96 métro république,temple,filles du calvaire. appartement non fumeur. animaux domestiques non acceptés.
17842	Completely redone by me it has a great personality and charm, located in one of the most endorsements areas of the city, it allows every mood in the capital. Placed at the 4th floor of an old parisian building it offer a very good immersion and pleasurable view.	Ideally placed, this charming and rustic appartement in an old parisian building will allow you to discover or live in the city with the most convenient way. Completely redone by me it has a great personality and charm, located in one of the most endorsements areas of the city, it allows every mood in the capital. Placed at the 4th floor of an old parisian building it offer a very good immersion and pleasurable view. Access throughout the apartment, fully equipped kitchen with cutlery, functional bathroom, bedroom with bedding. I would be available to them if they have a problem with the apartment. This historic neighborhood located in the hub of the right bank is just for me one of the sweetest places or live, mixing culture and leisure in the greatest virtuosity. 2 min from subway arts and métiers, on line 3 and 11. 5 min subway Réaumur Sebastopol on Line 4 of the subway 10 minutes with all the Halles RER.
17843	Your nest in the heart of Paris is situated in a gorgeous 84 square meter apartment  on the 5th floor (with elevator) and is for rent on a 2 day minimum - 2 week maximum basis.  It offers free WiFi connection and includes towels and sheets. The room has its own washroom/shower bath : toilette shared with owner. It is super quiet and has flowers all year long on the balcony. The 4th arrondissement of Paris is a good chunk of what used to be medieval Paris, and you'll find a lot left from that time on both islands and in the narrow streets of the lower Marais. Meanwhile there's lots that's contemporary to look at especially at the Centre Georges Pompidou where you'll find a lot of the very best contemporary art. At night the 4th has several of the most active bar scenes most travelers will have ever seen, including the lower Marais district which is sometimes known as gay Paris although there are no shortage of bars catering to straight singles or a mixed crowd, or, in the early evening,	A beautiful room in a gorgeous apartment right in the heart of Paris.  Next to everything - everything within walking distance.  Paris at your fingertips Room, rooms or entire apartment available - just ask Your nest in the heart of Paris is situated in a gorgeous 84 square meter apartment  on the 5th floor (with elevator) and is for rent on a 2 day minimum - 2 week maximum basis.  It offers free WiFi connection and includes towels and sheets. The room has its own washroom/shower bath : toilette shared with owner. It is super quiet and has flowers all year long on the balcony. The 4th arrondissement of Paris is a good chunk of what used to be medieval Paris, and you'll find a lot left from that time on both islands and in the narrow streets of the lower Marais. Meanwhile there's lots that's contemporary to look at especially at the Centre Georges Pompidou where you'll find a lot of the very best contemporary art. At night the 4th has several of the most active bar scenes most travelers
17844		Lovely and cheap 16 sqm room in a 90 sqm shared flat in the heart of Paris : Le Marais. Fully furbished. Large living-room, WiFi, adorable flatmates. Close from everything, and really quiet !
17845	A charming Studio in the Marais with a large room with a balcony, a kitchen with also a balcony, a bathroom with a shower and the toilets (website hidden) and Internet are free to access. Microwave, small fridge, 2 electric hotplates and all the dishes you need.  Just for your information, this is a smoking flat and a cat lives with me but I take her with me when I am not around.	If you are looking for a typical parisian studio in the center of Paris, here it is. The flat is located at the heart of the trendy Marais district. From the 6th floor, you have a splendid view on Paris and it is sunny all day. A charming Studio in the Marais with a large room with a balcony, a kitchen with also a balcony, a bathroom with a shower and the toilets (website hidden) and Internet are free to access. Microwave, small fridge, 2 electric hotplates and all the dishes you need.  Just for your information, this is a smoking flat and a cat lives with me but I take her with me when I am not around. The center of the Marais with all the restaurants, bars (gay or not), shops and little streets where it is lovely to walk on sundays.  Metro : ligne 11 - Rambuteau                ligne 1 - Hôtel de Ville                ligne 7 - Chatelet Bus : ligne 38 - ligne 47 - ligne 75 - ligne 29 - ligne 96 Vélib Taxi Usually I will be there to let you in and introduce you every thing you need to k
17846		Studio dans le quartier du Marais.  A 1 min du métro Arts et Métiers.  Surface 22m2 Canapé lit 140*190 cm très confortable.  Accès à Internet.  Salle de bain avec toilette et baignoire.  3ème étage avec ascenseur. Calme et lumineux
17847	Vue exceptionnelle sur Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) et sur Notre Dame. A 500 mètres du Centre Pompidou. Rue avec de nombreux commerces et restaurants. Accès facile à tout Paris : Ligne 3 et 11, Station Arts et Métiers. Appartement dans un immeuble calme au 6e étage sans ascenseur.  Capacité : 2 personnes (confort) + 2 personnes (canapé-lit) Possibilité d’ajouter un lit bébé Surface de 75m² : 1 cuisine toute équipée avec machine à laver et lave vaisselle. 2 salles de bains avec un lavabo, une baignoire et un WC 1 chambre équipée d’un très grand lit double 180*200cm avec de nombreux placards 1 Salon avec sa cheminée et son canapé-lit (phone number hidden) Salle à manger avec une table pour 4 personnes. Accès à Internet Haut Débit WiFi 2 TV à écran plat Le linge de maison est fournis (draps et serviettes) en quantité. 	Appartement au dernier étage avec une vue sur Montmartre.  Dans le quartier du Marais, l'appartement est un duplex - Capacité 4 personnes.  Très grand lit 180*200 cm et 1 canapé lit  Pour 4 personnes 2 salle de bains 6ème étage sans ascenseur. Vue exceptionnelle sur Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) et sur Notre Dame. A 500 mètres du Centre Pompidou. Rue avec de nombreux commerces et restaurants. Accès facile à tout Paris : Ligne 3 et 11, Station Arts et Métiers. Appartement dans un immeuble calme au 6e étage sans ascenseur.  Capacité : 2 personnes (confort) + 2 personnes (canapé-lit) Possibilité d’ajouter un lit bébé Surface de 75m² : 1 cuisine toute équipée avec machine à laver et lave vaisselle. 2 salles de bains avec un lavabo, une baignoire et un WC 1 chambre équipée d’un très grand lit double 180*200cm avec de nombreux placards 1 Salon avec sa cheminée et son canapé-lit (phone number hidden) Salle à manger avec une table pour 4 personnes. Accès à Internet Haut Débit WiFi 2 TV à écran plat
17848	We like our flat for its typical Parisian flavour, its old beams and rust-coloured floortiles, closeness to the buzz of the city, the markets, the art and fashion atmosphere of the neighbourhood (2/3 mins from shops, metro, buses and Vélib bicycle stand), but also for its quiet bedroom on the courtyard side, and the cozy south-facing living room and dining space with rooftop view. We've also just (May 2015) renovated the kitchen and bathroom. The flat is 45 sq. m/485 sq. ft., on the 5th floor, with lift, and security code access downstairs.	Located in the central, fashionable Haut-Marais between Bastille and Republique, a cozy south-facing 5th-floor flat (with lift), traditional in style but with modern comforts, including high speed fibre-optic internet. Minimum stay 1 week. We like our flat for its typical Parisian flavour, its old beams and rust-coloured floortiles, closeness to the buzz of the city, the markets, the art and fashion atmosphere of the neighbourhood (2/3 mins from shops, metro, buses and Vélib bicycle stand), but also for its quiet bedroom on the courtyard side, and the cozy south-facing living room and dining space with rooftop view. We've also just (May 2015) renovated the kitchen and bathroom. The flat is 45 sq. m/485 sq. ft., on the 5th floor, with lift, and security code access downstairs. We've just kept a small storage room at the back for our stuff while we're away, but the rest of the flat is yours to enjoy: please use whatever you find in the kitchen cupboards and fridge, read the books on the 
17849	-- Apartment description We have arranged this apartment in order for it to be representative of both Paris and our taste for design. As you can see, the traditional beams mix up with a very modern style. The huge windows in the living room makes the apartment very bright and luminous. There are two bedrooms and a cosy mezzanine in the living room. Each of them can accommodate two people. In addition, there is a couch in the living room that turns into a two-people bed.  Be careful though, there is only one bathroom and toilet, which makes it complicated for a large group to organize. The kitchen is fully equipped, and you have access to the Wifi and a TV with cable. The neighborhood is one of the finest in Paris and is developing every day. You will find absolutely everything that you're looking for, from supermarkets to fresh French products, less than 5 minutes by feet from the apartment. There are also lots of cosy restaurant of all kind. The must would be the market down the stree	Located in the best part of Le Marais district, this beautiful and comfortable apartment of 70 sqm has an impressive floor-to-ceiling height of 4 m. With 3 BR and a pull-out couch in the living room, there is room for up to 8 people! -- Apartment description We have arranged this apartment in order for it to be representative of both Paris and our taste for design. As you can see, the traditional beams mix up with a very modern style. The huge windows in the living room makes the apartment very bright and luminous. There are two bedrooms and a cosy mezzanine in the living room. Each of them can accommodate two people. In addition, there is a couch in the living room that turns into a two-people bed.  Be careful though, there is only one bathroom and toilet, which makes it complicated for a large group to organize. The kitchen is fully equipped, and you have access to the Wifi and a TV with cable. The neighborhood is one of the finest in Paris and is developing every day. You will find 
17850		"Little Studio is situated in the center of Paris, in one of the most famous district : ""LE MARAIS"" In a very calm and silent street but surrounded by so much restaurants, shops, design shops, concept store, Picasso museum... Good quality/price"
17851	Even parisien citizen we'll find this appartement unique and desirable. Located in the most famous street of the Marais, rue Vieille-du-Temple. Part of a superb 17th century Hotel d'Hozier, you'll enjoy a modern building with large windows with a view of a classied monument of Paris ! The appartement is a stylished appartement with designers furnitures and exclusive quality.  TVs, dishwasher, whasing machine, dryer, Wifi 	"A stylished loft in a beautiful ""hôtel particulier"". Enjoy calm and serenity of our private garden and enjoy tones of restaurants, bars, shops and markets by just going in your street in the old Paris. A true unique parisien experience!"
17852	This Apartment is composed of: Living Room:  Approx: 55m² (591 Sq.Ft.) 3 windows, Orientation West, view on Street and Marais, (hardwood), 2 armchairs, 8 chair/stools, Dinner Table for 6 peoples, 1 Coffee Table, 3 cupboards, 1 Writing Desk and a double sofa bed Entrance:  Approx: 5m² (54 Sq.Ft.) (hardwood), 3 cupboards, 3 Walk-in wardrobes Kitchen:  Approx: 5m² (54 Sq.Ft.) (tile), Bedroom:  Beds: double bed,  Approx: 12m² (129 Sq.Ft.) 2 windows, Orientation South, view on Courtyard, Bathroom:  Approx: 5m² (54 Sq.Ft.) Bathtube Separate toilet:  Approx: 2m² (22 Sq.Ft.) Wash BasinLinen provided, Washing machine, Domestic iron, Vacuum cleaner. Dish Washer, Refrigerator, Freezer, Cooking rings, Oven, Microwave, Dinnerware and serving pieces, Toaster, Coffee machine, (website hidden), TV by cable or satellite full access, DVD player, Hi-Fi, Internet by ADSL-CABLE + WIFI ACCESS. Heating: Gas Hot water: Gas Cleaning service (hrs/W): 2 I am always reachable via e mail or telephone in case you n	This Apartment is composed of: Living Room:  Approx: 55m² (591 Sq.Ft.) 3 windows, Orientation West, view on Street and Marais, (hardwood), 2 armchairs, 8 chair/stools, Dinner Table for 6 peoples, 1 Coffee Table, 3 cupboards, 1 Writing Desk and a double sofa bed Entrance:  Approx: 5m² (54 Sq.Ft.) (hardwood), 3 cupboards, 3 Walk-in wardrobes Kitchen:  Approx: 5m² (54 Sq.Ft.) (tile), Bedroom:  Beds: double bed,  Approx: 12m² (129 Sq.Ft.) 2 windows, Orientation South, view on Courtyard, Bathroom:  Approx: 5m² (54 Sq.Ft.) Bathtube Separate toilet:  Approx: 2m² (22 Sq.Ft.) Wash BasinLinen provided, Washing machine, Domestic iron, Vacuum cleaner. Dish Washer, Refrigerator, Freezer, Cooking rings, Oven, Microwave, Dinnerware and serving pieces, Toaster, Coffee machine, (website hidden), TV by cable or satellite full access, DVD player, Hi-Fi, Internet by ADSL-CABLE + WIFI ACCESS. Heating: Gas Hot water: Gas Cleaning service (hrs/W): 2 I am always reachable via e mail or telephone in case you n
17853	Apartment: 2nd Floor; no Lift but an authentic unregular woody staircase from the Middle Age :) LIVING ROOM: spacious, sun floated, next to the street, perfect for city-dwellers who like to be close to everything (shops, bars, cafés, museums, clubs, BHV Shopping Mall). TV BEDROOM: quite because located in the back of the apartment, towards the green Courtyard. Keep the window closed if you don't want to hear anybody and sleep until late :).  Bed linen, duvets etc. provided KITCHEN: fully equipped: fridge, micro-wave, oven, water boiler, coffee machine BATHROOM: bath tube + shower, sink, toilet.  Shower gel and shampoo provided as well as towels (Need a blow-dryer for your hair? Please let me know in advance!)	NESPRESSO MACHINE available Apartment: 2nd Floor; no Lift but an authentic unregular woody staircase from the Middle Age :) LIVING ROOM: spacious, sun floated, next to the street, perfect for city-dwellers who like to be close to everything (shops, bars, cafés, museums, clubs, BHV Shopping Mall). TV BEDROOM: quite because located in the back of the apartment, towards the green Courtyard. Keep the window closed if you don't want to hear anybody and sleep until late :).  Bed linen, duvets etc. provided KITCHEN: fully equipped: fridge, micro-wave, oven, water boiler, coffee machine BATHROOM: bath tube + shower, sink, toilet.  Shower gel and shampoo provided as well as towels (Need a blow-dryer for your hair? Please let me know in advance!)
17854	Very nice, calm appartment with great lighting. The cosy atmosphere of the place and global comfort of the flat will garantee you a good rest after walking around all day long in Paris! From here, it's easy to walk everywhere in the center: the areas of Chatelet, Beaubourg, the Marais, Montorgueil and République are just minutes away by foot. To get everywhere else, you can use the 3 major metro lines that are located 5 minutes walking distance from the apartment.	Enjoy your stay in paris in this charming apartment, located in the very heart of the city. This one bedroom flat, with its typical architecture from the Marais (exposed beams) and its view on the rooftops, can host up to 4 people comfortably. Very nice, calm appartment with great lighting. The cosy atmosphere of the place and global comfort of the flat will garantee you a good rest after walking around all day long in Paris! From here, it's easy to walk everywhere in the center: the areas of Chatelet, Beaubourg, the Marais, Montorgueil and République are just minutes away by foot. To get everywhere else, you can use the 3 major metro lines that are located 5 minutes walking distance from the (website hidden), unlimited and free wifi access. Fully equiped kitchen. Laundry is possible.  The host won't be in the apartment during the stay. Everything seems close to the apartment. You can access major big areas by foot. Several grocery stores are near-by, and you can go out at night in the
17855	Il est situé sur la rive droite de la Capitale, dans le très célèbre quartier historique du  Marais, dans le 3 ème arrondissement de Paris, à moins de 3 minutes à pied de la station de métro  Rambuteau  et  Arts-et-Métiers, de la Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris et de la Seine. Illustrant parfaitement l'architecture du Haut Marais parisien vous découvrez cet immeuble aux colombages de bois avec son bel escalier classé, puis au 4 ème étage (5 ème étage américain) et dès la porte passée  une entrée aux luminaires design qui dessert sur votre gauche une grande chambre à coucher avec son lit  king size en 160 x 200 et sa salle de bain moderne et pratique, puis des WC indépendants et enfin au fond du couloir la grande pièce à vivre : un salon au décor contemporain donnant directement sur la rue de Montmorency avec sa cuisine américaine entièrement équipée, son bar avec ses tabourets hauts pour les petits déjeuners et un espace dîner avec sa table et ses 4 chaises.  Un canapé-lit confortable k	Je vous propose ce très bel appartement de caractère situé dans un superbe Hôtel Particulier classé du XV ème siècle. Sa situation unique au cœur de Paris vous permet de profiter en quelques minutes de tous les sites touristiques les plus réputés. Il est situé sur la rive droite de la Capitale, dans le très célèbre quartier historique du  Marais, dans le 3 ème arrondissement de Paris, à moins de 3 minutes à pied de la station de métro  Rambuteau  et  Arts-et-Métiers, de la Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris et de la Seine. Illustrant parfaitement l'architecture du Haut Marais parisien vous découvrez cet immeuble aux colombages de bois avec son bel escalier classé, puis au 4 ème étage (5 ème étage américain) et dès la porte passée  une entrée aux luminaires design qui dessert sur votre gauche une grande chambre à coucher avec son lit  king size en 160 x 200 et sa salle de bain moderne et pratique, puis des WC indépendants et enfin au fond du couloir la grande pièce à vivre : un salon au déc
17856	L'appartement est typiquement parisien, situé sous les toits, dans un ancien hôtel particulier.  C'est un petit studio confortable avec tout le nécessaire. Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis.	Petit studio douillet sous les toits dans un immeuble Haussmanien à deux pas du Musée Picasso et du marché des Enfants Rouges. Peut loger 2 adultes et un enfant, est très central. Quartier animé mais l'immeuble est calme. A 5 minutes du métro. L'appartement est typiquement parisien, situé sous les toits, dans un ancien hôtel particulier.  C'est un petit studio confortable avec tout le nécessaire. Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. Appartement entier situé au 3ème étage (avec ascenseur), d'un ancien hôtel particulier.  Wifi et télé illimités. Studio meublé simplement mais avec beaucoup de charme, avec les poutres apparentes. Nous sommes plusieurs personnes à nous occuper de cet appartement. Plus précisément mon frère Malik et moi même. Donc nous serons disponibles pour une info, des conseils et on pourra même venir vous récupérer à l'aéroport ou à la gare. ( frais supplémentaires.) Alors n'hésitez pas !!! C'est peut être l'un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris. Plongez dans l'hist
17857	"The studio is in the best location in Paris, very central and easy to get by subway, bus or train. On the 5th floor the apartment is very bright and cosy. All what you can need is there. A nespresso machine, washing machine, free wifi sunny, with a french balcony in a high standard Building of the 20's in Paris district ""Le Marais"" just by the musée Picasso. Bathroom with shower and a kitchen Microwave, cable TV and Internet. Just have a look at the pictures ! Le Marais is the best area in Paris to go out and is also very safe. Beautiful restaurants and bars just around the corner. Just a few minutes from Notre Dâme, le centre Georges Pompidou, les Halles, you will be in the heart of the city, you will be able to rest after an intense day of sight seeing Just (website hidden) the area and you will see it. There is no a better place to stay in Paris. cheers Nicolas You have access to the entire studio, kitchen, bathroom, toilets, living /sleeping room   "	"The studio is in the best location in Paris, very central and easy to get by subway, bus or train. On the 5th floor the apartment is very bright and cosy. All what you can need is there. A nespresso machine, washing machine, free wifi The studio is in the best location in Paris, very central and easy to get by subway, bus or train. On the 5th floor the apartment is very bright and cosy. All what you can need is there. A nespresso machine, washing machine, free wifi sunny, with a french balcony in a high standard Building of the 20's in Paris district ""Le Marais"" just by the musée Picasso. Bathroom with shower and a kitchen Microwave, cable TV and Internet. Just have a look at the pictures ! Le Marais is the best area in Paris to go out and is also very safe. Beautiful restaurants and bars just around the corner. Just a few minutes from Notre Dâme, le centre Georges Pompidou, les Halles, you will be in the heart of the city, you will be able to rest after an intense day of sight seeing "
17858	THE APARTMENT: This 78m2 newly redecorated Paris 2 bdrm, 1.5 bath apartment is located in the center of Paris, in the lovely Marais district. The area is great for cafes, boutiques, trendy restaurants, and just minutes from the George Pompidou centre. The apartment has one king bed (that can be separated into two twin beds and one queen bed. There is also a fold out single bed for the 5th person. The apartment is on the fourth floor with an elevator. It has a living room and one full bath and one bathroom en suite with a shower and sink. The apartment is spacious, quiet and lots of old Parisian charm... THE AREA: Throughout the centuries Le Marais gradually came to offer one of the richest architectural ensemblages in Paris. Today, a bounty of designer shops, fascinating museums, a lively gay district, and the old Jewish neighborhood vibrate with French architectural history as a backdrop. Although access to notable hôtels particuliers is often limited by digitcodes, it is still possib	"Le Marais has a number of public parks and gardens springtime visitors shouldn't miss. Our favorite is Place des Vosges (originally named ""Place Royale"" during the time of Louis XIII and inaugurated in 1612). It is an absolute square. THE APARTMENT: This 78m2 newly redecorated Paris 2 bdrm, 1.5 bath apartment is located in the center of Paris, in the lovely Marais district. The area is great for cafes, boutiques, trendy restaurants, and just minutes from the George Pompidou centre. The apartment has one king bed (that can be separated into two twin beds and one queen bed. There is also a fold out single bed for the 5th person. The apartment is on the fourth floor with an elevator. It has a living room and one full bath and one bathroom en suite with a shower and sink. The apartment is spacious, quiet and lots of old Parisian charm... THE AREA: Throughout the centuries Le Marais gradually came to offer one of the richest architectural ensemblages in Paris. Today, a bounty of designer sh"
17859	Turn right for the Pompidou Centre; left for the Places des Vosges and House of Victor Hugo; or go straight ahead for Notre Dame. All these sights and more are within 5-minutes walk of the stylish and exceptionally well-located Rambuteau Apartment.   Situated in the Marais (arguably the most fashionable and charming neighbourhood in Paris) the Rambuteau Apartment has every necessary comfort for the perfect romantic getaway or luxury business layover. It is generously equipped with a king-size bed, large-screen LCD television, wireless internet, , modern kitchen and en-suite bathroom with rain shower and a bathtub big enough for two.   The apartment is positioned at the very heart of the city in a typical and well-maintained Parisian tenement. Located on the fifth floor (no elevator) it is worth the climb for the pair of French windows that open onto a private terrace overlooking the city rooftops. What better way to take your breakfast each morning!   The Marais is a village neighbourh	Turn right for the Pompidou Centre; left for the Places des Vosges and House of Victor Hugo; or go straight ahead for Notre Dame. All these sights and more are within 5-minutes walk of the stylish and exceptionally well-located Rambuteau Apartment.  Turn right for the Pompidou Centre; left for the Places des Vosges and House of Victor Hugo; or go straight ahead for Notre Dame. All these sights and more are within 5-minutes walk of the stylish and exceptionally well-located Rambuteau Apartment.   Situated in the Marais (arguably the most fashionable and charming neighbourhood in Paris) the Rambuteau Apartment has every necessary comfort for the perfect romantic getaway or luxury business layover. It is generously equipped with a king-size bed, large-screen LCD television, wireless internet, , modern kitchen and en-suite bathroom with rain shower and a bathtub big enough for two.   The apartment is positioned at the very heart of the city in a typical and well-maintained Parisian tenemen
17860	The upper floor consists of a double bed, plenty of wardrobe space, and a bathroom (a great opportunity to relax in the jacuzzi after a long day of touring the city!) The first floor, consists of a great living room area, where the sofa can be converted into a queen size bed , a big screen LED TV 60 inches, dining area, and a fully equipped open plan kitchen. 	Perfectly located in the center of Paris, two steps away from Beaubourg, Pompidou. Key location for the city's hidden gems in terms of restaurants, shops, and artisan bakeries.  The upper floor consists of a double bed, plenty of wardrobe space, and a bathroom (a great opportunity to relax in the jacuzzi after a long day of touring the city!) The first floor, consists of a great living room area, where the sofa can be converted into a queen size bed , a big screen LED TV 60 inches, dining area, and a fully equipped open plan kitchen. Wifi, phone, tv and digital channels, jacuzzi  Available by phone and sms or by email for any assistance prior to, during, or after your stay ! Happy to give recommendations and advice as much as I can in helping you have the most exciting stay in this wonderful city. Perfectly located in the center of Paris, two steps away from Beaubourg, Pompidou Center. Key location for the city's hidden gems in terms of restaurants, shops, and artisan bakeries. Le Mara
17861	"You can't beat the location ey! Best area to discover the ""city-museum"" Paris. You'll enjoy the peacefulness of this flat after having intense days around the city. That's a unique experience of a typical Parisian accommodation : a lovely flat with exposed beams in the heart of Le Marais. The flat is at the top of a XVIIth century building : it will give you the quietness you need in that big city. Also, it let you live the real Parisian way of life (ha!) : no internet, no tv but plenty of books! That's the perfect flat for a couple or a small family (up to 4 persons) : you have a bed and a sofa. We hope the flat is fully equipped for what you need : - a kitchen with everything, fridge, cooking surfaces, oven, microwave, dishes, cooking utensils (also salt, pepper, spices, olive oil...), and a Nespresso coffee machine - Beautiful bathroom with a bath (towels are provided) - a ""Ghetto-blaster"" will let you put your music and also charge your iPhone (3 or 4) - A two person bed (sheets ar"	"Wish to live the Parisian way of life? To find a peaceful and lovely flat in the heart of Le Marais? Come in and please feel at home. I'll make sure you have a unique experience. That flat is all about the old and charming Paris with all you need! You can't beat the location ey! Best area to discover the ""city-museum"" Paris. You'll enjoy the peacefulness of this flat after having intense days around the city. That's a unique experience of a typical Parisian accommodation : a lovely flat with exposed beams in the heart of Le Marais. The flat is at the top of a XVIIth century building : it will give you the quietness you need in that big city. Also, it let you live the real Parisian way of life (ha!) : no internet, no tv but plenty of books! That's the perfect flat for a couple or a small family (up to 4 persons) : you have a bed and a sofa. We hope the flat is fully equipped for what you need : - a kitchen with everything, fridge, cooking surfaces, oven, microwave, dishes, cooking utens"
17862	Stay in a beautiful full equipped studio in the heart of the historical Marais district in Paris. The neighborhood is very safe and calm.  The Bastille area, within walking distance, has excellent nightlife (young and alive), with a large number of cafes, restaurants and bars. Surface : 16m² The Studio is located near the Place des Vosges, a beautiful square with a central park surrounded by arcades with shops, art galleries and cafes. If you are lucky you can found good musicians who come to play near the arcades. Walking Distance to many touristic places, such as: -         Metro Station ( Chemin Vert – Line 8 ) (2 min) -         Place des Vosges (2 min) -         Carnavalet Museum (5 min) -         Place de la Bastille &  New Opera House (8 min ) -          Notre Dame (20 Min) -         Louvre Museum (30 min) (for those who like walking) This duplex was recently renovated and has  a maximum occupancy 3. Located in ground floor (easy access), oriented to interior yard, and it is comp	Stay in a beautiful full equipped studio in the heart of the historical Marais district in Paris. The neighborhood is very safe and calm.  The Bastille area, within walking distance, has excellent nightlife (young and alive), with a large number of cafes, restaurants and bars. Surface : 16m² The Studio is located near the Place des Vosges, a beautiful square with a central park surrounded by arcades with shops, art galleries and cafes. If you are lucky you can found good musicians who come to play near the arcades. Walking Distance to many touristic places, such as: -         Metro Station ( Chemin Vert – Line 8 ) (2 min) -         Place des Vosges (2 min) -         Carnavalet Museum (5 min) -         Place de la Bastille &  New Opera House (8 min ) -          Notre Dame (20 Min) -         Louvre Museum (30 min) (for those who like walking) This duplex was recently renovated and has  a maximum occupancy 3. Located in ground floor (easy access), oriented to interior yard, and it is comp
17863	Studio agréable de 18m2 situé en plein du marais//Cosy flat 18m² in the Marais's heart. 4ème étage (sans ascenseur)//4th floor without elevator Entièrement équipé (placard, TV, micro-ondes/grill)//Well-fitted Draps fournis//fitted sheet plans de Paris (anglais et français) Plaques et frigo//cooktop and fridge Vaisselle couverts et plats//dishes and plates WC-Douche.	"Cosy flat in the heart of Paris 18m², close to many bars, restaurants and shops.  Really good place to stay, close to many tourists spots( Centre George pompidou, Hôtel de ville, Chatêlet, République...) Subway line : Arts et Métiers (L3, L11) Studio agréable de 18m2 situé en plein du marais//Cosy flat 18m² in the Marais's heart. 4ème étage (sans ascenseur)//4th floor without elevator Entièrement équipé (placard, TV, micro-ondes/grill)//Well-fitted Draps fournis//fitted sheet plans de Paris (anglais et français) Plaques et frigo//cooktop and fridge Vaisselle couverts et plats//dishes and plates WC-Douche. Par le métro : -Arts et Métiers (L3, L11) ou -République Sortie 2 ""Rue du Temple"" (à 8 mins de marche) (L3 L5 L8 L9 L11) Je me propose de vous accueillir dès votre arrivée à l'adresse de l'appart de votre séjour. Je me tiendrai disponible pour répondre à toutes vos questions, aussi bien celles concernant l'appartement, que tout autres interrogations. I will be available to receive and"
17864		This is a newly renovated studio, quiet, very comfy, with a modern and bright decoration. This is a very plaisant place to live ! :) The studio is located in the heart of the neighborhood Le Marais, in the very center of Paris.
17865	Very quiet and spacy apartment , real loft in the center of the Marais in front of Picasso Museum. A 190m2 luxurious loft in Le Marais, Facing the Picasso Museum, in the center of Paris In a 17th century building and very quiet one.  With 3  bedrooms and two bathrooms The apartment can welcome 5 or 6 peoples , second floor, with High speed wifi internet access . the apartment can welcome 5 or 6 peoples ( 5 is better ) one of the room is small and open in a mezzanine . In each bedroom there is a queen size bed ,  One of those has a King size    High speed wifi internet access The apartment is just in front of Picasso museum , in the center of Le marais ... Many art gallery , museum, restaurant  the apartment is rented with sheets and towels	A 190m2 loft in Le Marais, Picasso Museum, the center of Paris In a 17th century building and very quiet one. With 3 bedrooms and two bathrooms . The apartment can welcome 6 peoples.Second floor, with  High speed wifi internet access .    Very quiet and spacy apartment , real loft in the center of the Marais in front of Picasso Museum. A 190m2 luxurious loft in Le Marais, Facing the Picasso Museum, in the center of Paris In a 17th century building and very quiet one.  With 3  bedrooms and two bathrooms The apartment can welcome 5 or 6 peoples , second floor, with High speed wifi internet access . the apartment can welcome 5 or 6 peoples ( 5 is better ) one of the room is small and open in a mezzanine . In each bedroom there is a queen size bed ,  One of those has a King size    High speed wifi internet access The apartment is just in front of Picasso museum , in the center of Le marais ... Many art gallery , museum, restaurant  the apartment is rented with sheets and towels  High speed
17866	The apartment is located on the third floor in a quiet and beautiful building.  Steps away from many boutiques, wonderful restaurants, bakeries, and park. The area is pedestrian on Sunday and all the shops are opened that day ( which is not the case for most of the areas in Paris) 	This spacious one bedroom apartment,very Parisian, is centrally located in the heart of Paris; Marais district. The apartment is just 5 minute walk from Metro St Paul, Chemin vert, and Rambuteau (line 1,8,11), the Seine River and Place des Vosges! The apartment is located on the third floor in a quiet and beautiful building.  Steps away from many boutiques, wonderful restaurants, bakeries, and park. The area is pedestrian on Sunday and all the shops are opened that day ( which is not the case for most of the areas in Paris)  During the stay the apartment is available only for you. I m here for you if you have questions by phone or email if you need it! The Marais is one of the city's most famous and charming area, one of the most historic in terms of architecture (Place des Vosges residence of the French Nobility ... and the house of Victor Hugo). This neighbourhood is well known for its fashion designers, trendy bars and shops and its rich historical (website hidden) is also nice to s
17867	Marais Picasso Charlot Rue Charlot 75003 Paris Type : One bedroom Size : 44m² (474 Sq Ft) 1st French floor (2nd American floor) Fully furnished one bedroom apartment. New, modern and completely renovated on June 2015.  This apartment is on the right bank, in the Haut Marais, 3rd arrondissement of Paris, less than a two minute walk from the Arts-et-Métiers, République and Filles du Calvaire Metro stations and is just a few metres from Rue de Bretagne, the quartier where most of the 'bobos' (bourgeois bohème) live. The one bedroom apartment is arranged as follows:  On first floor (second floor US) of a building in a little street opposite the Marché des Enfants-Rouges.  You enter the one bedroom apartment straight into the main room with large, fully equipped, open plan kitchen, table and chairs.  The bedroom is on your left : double bed (160x190). There is a seating area with two single beds converted into a sofa with cushions.   The modern bathroom has shower, WC, and a basin. An infla	One bedroom apartment is on the right bank, in the Haut Marais, 3rd arrondissement of Paris, less than a two minute walk from the Arts-et-Métiers, République and Filles du Calvaire Metro stations and is just a few metros from Rue de Bretagne. Marais Picasso Charlot Rue Charlot 75003 Paris Type : One bedroom Size : 44m² (474 Sq Ft) 1st French floor (2nd American floor) Fully furnished one bedroom apartment. New, modern and completely renovated on June 2015.  This apartment is on the right bank, in the Haut Marais, 3rd arrondissement of Paris, less than a two minute walk from the Arts-et-Métiers, République and Filles du Calvaire Metro stations and is just a few metres from Rue de Bretagne, the quartier where most of the 'bobos' (bourgeois bohème) live. The one bedroom apartment is arranged as follows:  On first floor (second floor US) of a building in a little street opposite the Marché des Enfants-Rouges.  You enter the one bedroom apartment straight into the main room with large, full
17868	This apartment is unique because it has a view on the roofs and the Eiffel Tower. It is extremely romantic and looks like in a french movies. It is a jewel! 	This apartment is unique because it has a view on the roofs and the Eiffel Tower. It is extremely romantic and looks like in a french movies. It is a jewel! I am always happy to help my guest give suggestion help around paris. What I prefer in this district is the delicious restaurants I supplied a list of my places preferred during the reservation. Metro Ligne 8 - Saint Sebastien Froissard Metro Ligne 1 - Saint Paul Bus 96 - Saint Claude Bus 20 - Saint Claude/Beaumarchais
17869	Located in a historic building around the corner from  Marche des Enfants Rouges, this second floor loft lets you relax in comfort and then puts you in the middle of Paris when you are ready to explore.  With exposed brick, hexagonal terra cotta floor tiles and original wooden ceiling beams, the apartment has a real charm. Whether travelling as a couple, a family or with a friend to see Paris, there is space to unwind,dine and sleep comfortably. Large oak extendable dining table for meals and a couch and day bed for relaxing in the salon. The couch turns into a comfortable single bed. There is a roomy armoire for clothes and suitcases. Wifi,TV with hundreds of channels,and a DVD player and films. Unlimited calling to North American cell and landlines as well as landlines in one hundred other countries to stay in touch.  The kitchen is  equipped with a fridge, oven,  electric stove top, appliances, cooking utensils, dishes and all you need for breakfast or to prepare a meal.  Tea, coffe	This casual 2nd floor loft with floor-to-ceiling windows is open and inviting. It faces onto a quiet Marais street of galleries and boutiques.Lunch around the corner in Marché des Enfants Rouges or walk 5 minutes to Museé Picasso or Place des Vosges. Located in a historic building around the corner from  Marche des Enfants Rouges, this second floor loft lets you relax in comfort and then puts you in the middle of Paris when you are ready to explore.  With exposed brick, hexagonal terra cotta floor tiles and original wooden ceiling beams, the apartment has a real charm. Whether travelling as a couple, a family or with a friend to see Paris, there is space to unwind,dine and sleep comfortably. Large oak extendable dining table for meals and a couch and day bed for relaxing in the salon. The couch turns into a comfortable single bed. There is a roomy armoire for clothes and suitcases. Wifi,TV with hundreds of channels,and a DVD player and films. Unlimited calling to North American cell an
17870	This 3 room apartment is quite large (70sqm), in a classy apartment building with elevator. It consists in 2 bedrooms, a roomy living room, a kitchen which features induction hob, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, and a bathroom with a large bath tube. It also features 2 private balconies.	"Center of Paris. Quiet, Modern and Roomy flat (70sq.m), located few steps from the famous ""Place des Vosges"" in one of the most historical area of Paris : ""Le Marais"". This is a couple of other landmarks nearby : Notre Dame, Bastille, Republic This 3 room apartment is quite large (70sqm), in a classy apartment building with elevator. It consists in 2 bedrooms, a roomy living room, a kitchen which features induction hob, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, and a bathroom with a large bath tube. It also features 2 private balconies. The guest have access to all the facilities listed, such as bathrooms, kitchen, balconies and the 2 bedrooms.  Perfect for single traveller, couples or families who want to enjoy Paris! I will be pleased to give you some tips about the city and good restaurant addresses. I will also be happy to go for a cultural jogging through the city with you. The neighbourhood is one of the most visited in Paris. There is a metro station (Metro Chemin vert), a bus station "
17871	Au cœur du vieux Paris dans le quartier historique du marais charmant petit appartement. Il est composé d’un séjour clair et calme, d’une cuisine fonctionnelle et d’une salle de bain en dalle grise avec  douche à l’italienne. Télévision, Wifi, lave-linge… Surface : 30 m2 Métro : Saint Paul ligne 1 ou fille du calvaire ligne 8 Pied à terre idéalement situé pour découvrir la capitale, il est à proximité des galeries d’art, des sites historiques,  des bistrots, des magasins à la mode et du marché. Plein de charme et d’authenticité, ce studio de caractère est confortable et entièrement restauré. A Proximité : Place des Vosges – Musée de Picasso –Rue des Francs-Bourgeois- Beaubourg – Rue des rosiers - Rue de Bretagne – Marché des enfants Rouges -Carreau du Temple-Hôtel de ville … Capacité : 3 personnes  Prix :  750 € la semaine + 50 € le ménage 100 € la nuit + 50 € le ménage 2000 € le mois + 50 € le ménage 	Au cœur du vieux Paris dans le quartier historique du marais charmant petit appartement. Il est composé d’un séjour clair et calme, d’une cuisine fonctionnelle et d’une salle de bain en dalle grise avec  douche à l’italienne. Télévision, Wifi, lave-linge… Surface : 30 m2 Métro : Saint Paul ligne 1 ou fille du calvaire ligne 8 Pied à terre idéalement situé pour découvrir la capitale, il est à proximité des galeries d’art, des sites historiques,  des bistrots, des magasins à la mode et du marché. Plein de charme et d’authenticité, ce studio de caractère est confortable et entièrement restauré. A Proximité : Place des Vosges – Musée de Picasso –Rue des Francs-Bourgeois- Beaubourg – Rue des rosiers - Rue de Bretagne – Marché des enfants Rouges -Carreau du Temple-Hôtel de ville … Capacité : 3 personnes  Prix :  750 € la semaine + 50 € le ménage 100 € la nuit + 50 € le ménage 2000 € le mois + 50 € le ménage Métro ligne 8 : Fille du Calvaire  Métro ligne 1 : Saint Paul
17872		Rue des Gravilliers - En plein cœur du Marais, superbe appartement 2 pièces composé d'un séjour, d'une chambre, d'une salle de bains, WC + cuisine aménagée. Vous succomberez à son charme parisien et à son esprit cosy !
17873	This very nice flat recently renovated, designed with style is a perfect location in the heart of the Marais. 45 sq very bright with double exposition, modern designed furnitures all equipped, Imac, TV, Cable, Kichen full equipped. In a very quiet location on a courtyard with nice view.	This very nice flat recently renovated, designed with style is a perfect location in the heart of the Marais. 45 sq very bright with double exposition, a very quiet location on a courtyard with nice view. Close to metro and all stores and restaurants This very nice flat recently renovated, designed with style is a perfect location in the heart of the Marais. 45 sq very bright with double exposition, modern designed furnitures all equipped, Imac, TV, Cable, Kichen full equipped. In a very quiet location on a courtyard with nice view. 45 sq very bright with double exposition, a very quiet location on a courtyard with nice view.  You will have access to the whole place, a bedroom separated from the living room by a glass wall, with a double bed size 140*190 withTV with cable in the room. A well equipped kitchen, with induction cooktop microwave, coffee machine, a washing machine. You will also have accees to an Imac computer available for you use. A bathroom with a bath and s toilets, you
17874	The area is really perfect (arty, shopping,  supermarkets, cafes, restaurants...).    What to do in the area :    FOODING   NANASHI (bio) 57 rue Charlot, 75003 Paris BEAUCOUP (french) 7 Rue Froissart, 75003 Paris LE MARY CELESTE (french) 1 Rue Commines 75003 GRAZIE (italian) 91 Boulevard Beaumarchais, 75003 Paris CLOTHES SHOPS  Rue des francs bourgeois, 75003 Paris   Rue vieille du temple, 75003 Paris    Rue des rosiers  Rue de rivoli (from metro saint paul) DRINKS (NIGHT)   La perle  78 rue Vieille du Temple 75003 Paris Le connectable 55 Rue des Archives 75003 Paris 	Perfect modern 2br to rent in the heart of paris, 40 sq.m, living room, bedroom, kitchen, bathroom with bath,1st floor, elevator,furnished, WIFI, Plasma TV, 200 chanels, wash. machine, hoven, digicode... The area is really perfect (arty, shopping,  supermarkets, cafes, restaurants...).    What to do in the area :    FOODING   NANASHI (bio) 57 rue Charlot, 75003 Paris BEAUCOUP (french) 7 Rue Froissart, 75003 Paris LE MARY CELESTE (french) 1 Rue Commines 75003 GRAZIE (italian) 91 Boulevard Beaumarchais, 75003 Paris CLOTHES SHOPS  Rue des francs bourgeois, 75003 Paris   Rue vieille du temple, 75003 Paris    Rue des rosiers  Rue de rivoli (from metro saint paul) DRINKS (NIGHT)   La perle  78 rue Vieille du Temple 75003 Paris Le connectable 55 Rue des Archives 75003 Paris Speed WIFI, TV with more than 200 chanels, clean and new building with elevator.      I live in the same area, I will give you the keys and welcome you personaly :)  Trendy area with shopping and fooding, one of the best o
17875	The studio has the advantage of an independent kitchen and bathroom. Overlooking the inner court, the apartment is very quite in an animated neighborhood.  The charm of 17th century building reflects the authentic Paris.	Visit the historic area of Marais, with its museums/ galleries, restaurants, shopping area, and the famous Place des Vosges.  Sleep tight between Bastille and République, on the second floor of a historic building of 17th century.  Excellent commuting facilities with metros and buses. Have a lovely holiday with your partner! The studio has the advantage of an independent kitchen and bathroom. Overlooking the inner court, the apartment is very quite in an animated neighborhood.  The charm of 17th century building reflects the authentic Paris. Double gates, and direct access to the studio No The Marais remains one of the most charming neighborhood of Paris. Walking in the neighborhood will help you discover the hidden corners of Paris, and yet it will allow you to visit museums and galleries, historic sites and lovely parks. The restaurants of Marais are excellent, with some very famous brasseries, and nice bistros. The nightlife in Marais is one of the most active ones, with its trendy 
17876	The apartment is composed of a fully equipped kitchen, a living-room with big windows that offer sunshine throughout the day, a dining table with chairs, a sofa bed for 2 persons, a LCD TV and a coffee-table. The spacious bedroom consists of a large and comfortable double bed and a mirror. The mezzanine, which is above the living room and the bedroom, includes 2 sleeping corners with a really comfortable air mattress for 2 persons and a single bed. The apartment is also equipped with towels, (email hidden) connection, a washing machine, a dryer, a hair dryer, irons, a fan and an iPhone/iPod speaker. 	The apartment is composed of a fully equipped kitchen, a living-room with big windows that offer sunshine throughout the day, a dining table with chairs, a sofa bed for 2 persons, a LCD TV and a coffee-table. The spacious bedroom consists of a large and comfortable double bed and a mirror. The mezzanine, which is above the living room and the bedroom, includes 2 sleeping corners with a really comfortable air mattress for 2 persons and a single bed. The apartment is also equipped with towels, (email hidden) connection, a washing machine, a dryer, a hair dryer, irons, a fan and an iPhone/iPod speaker. The apartment is also equipped with towels, (email hidden) connection, a washing machine, a dryer, a hair dryer, irons, a fan and an iPhone/iPod speaker. The apartment is located in the center of the capital, close to the busy shopping street Rambuteau and Rue de Rivoli, 3 minutes walk from the Centre Georges Pompidou (National Museum of Modern Art) and many other museums (Picasso, Carnaval
17877	This fully renovated apartment has everything you need to enjoy your stay inside.   Bedroom with a comfortable queen sized bed,a spacious living room, fully equipped kitchen, new furnishings,  all completed with a relaxing bathroom .  Enjoy your stay and feel like home	This bright one bedroom apartment offers you an excellent location for your stay in Paris being located in the beautiful area Le Marais. Nestled in the heart of the Marais district, one of the most picturesque neighbourhoods in Paris. This fully renovated apartment has everything you need to enjoy your stay inside.   Bedroom with a comfortable queen sized bed,a spacious living room, fully equipped kitchen, new furnishings,  all completed with a relaxing bathroom .  Enjoy your stay and feel like home
17878	Studio très ensoleillé sur cour, très calme, pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Cuisine séparée avec grande fenêtre, salle de bains avec baignoire.	Dans un hôtel particulier du Marais, grande pièce ensoleillée sur les toits, au coeur de l'animation (marché des Enfants Rouges, musée Picasso, galeries d'art et boutiques), calme sur cour. Cuisine séparée avec une grande fenêtre. Ascenseur. Studio très ensoleillé sur cour, très calme, pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Cuisine séparée avec grande fenêtre, salle de bains avec baignoire. Restaurants et cafés de la rue de Bretagne, , marché des Enfants Rouges, musée Picasso, musée de la Chasse et de la Nature, centre Georges Pompidou, cinéma Beaubourg, rives de la Seine... Stations de Métro et RER à proximité. - LINEN. Sheets and small towels at your disposal -INTERNET. wifi : jequitinhonha. wifi code :10eca  -ZEN ATMOSPHERE. A quiet occupation of the permises is required. Our neighbors are very calm people. They will respect your tranquility, please make the same with them. -PLANTS : they will be grateful if you water them once or twice a week, especially during summer. Thanks for them ! -
17879	This 55 m² apartment is situated on the fourth floor of an 19th-century building (with an elevator). The main entrance gate is protected by an intercom. The apartment has southern exposure. The entrance door opens into a hall leading to the living room, the kitchen and the bedroom. The elegant living room has a brown-parqueted floor, white walls and numerous books. Since this room is decorated with antique and some vintage/modern decorative items and paintings it has a friendly atmosphere. The very quiet and sunny bedroom is parqueted as well and has white painted walls with a king size bed (the mattress is new and very comfortable, 1m80 large)). The decoration of this room is more contemporary than the rest of the apartment.  The kitchen is both convenient and elegant. It has white-tiled walls and floor. It is also well equipped.  The apartment has a large cable TV, a stereo, a DVD player and a mac. There is access to a fiber connection (very high-speed WIFI) in the all apartment.  Th	This 55 m² apartment is situated on the fourth floor of an 19th-century building (with an elevator). The main entrance gate is protected by an intercom. The apartment has southern exposure. The entrance door opens into a hall leading to the living room, the kitchen and the bedroom. The elegant living room has a brown-parqueted floor, white walls and numerous books. Since this room is decorated with antique and some vintage/modern decorative items and paintings it has a friendly atmosphere. The very quiet and sunny bedroom is parqueted as well and has white painted walls with a king size bed (the mattress is new and very comfortable, 1m80 large)). The decoration of this room is more contemporary than the rest of the apartment.  The kitchen is both convenient and elegant. It has white-tiled walls and floor. It is also well equipped.  The apartment has a large cable TV, a stereo, a DVD player and a mac. There is access to a fiber connection (very high-speed WIFI) in the all apartment.  Th
17880	Located in the Marais district, near the Square du Temple and one of the best shopping streets in Paris (rue de Bretagne and its many bars, cafés, caterers and food shops), a 2-minute walk from the Marché des Enfants Rouges (the oldest market in Paris), 5 minutes from the Carreau du Temple and its lively outdoor restaurants, the rue des Francs Bourgeois and fashion shops (open on Sundays) and 10 minutes from Picasso Museum and the Place des Vosges ... this charming renovated apartment will suit all lovers of Paris, gourmets, lovers of old stones and fashionistas. It has all the modern comfort, with a kitchen (oven, microwave, refrigerator, Nespresso coffee machine, washer-dryer) and a designer bathroom with walk-in shower, towel warmer and dryer hair. The apartment is also equipped with a HD TV and high speed WiFi.	Located in a romantic private street of the historic Marais district, this 2 rooms for 4 people, has been decorated with care and taste, while maintaining its typical Parisian charm (exposed beams, antique oak floors). Located in the Marais district, near the Square du Temple and one of the best shopping streets in Paris (rue de Bretagne and its many bars, cafés, caterers and food shops), a 2-minute walk from the Marché des Enfants Rouges (the oldest market in Paris), 5 minutes from the Carreau du Temple and its lively outdoor restaurants, the rue des Francs Bourgeois and fashion shops (open on Sundays) and 10 minutes from Picasso Museum and the Place des Vosges ... this charming renovated apartment will suit all lovers of Paris, gourmets, lovers of old stones and fashionistas. It has all the modern comfort, with a kitchen (oven, microwave, refrigerator, Nespresso coffee machine, washer-dryer) and a designer bathroom with walk-in shower, towel warmer and dryer hair. The apartment is al
17881	The flat was renovated one year ago so it is modern, clean and functional. I tried to make this flat cosy and comfortable. There is a real kitchen, a washing machine so you feel like if you were at home. The bathroom is not that big but very modern and easy to use. The building is very calm. All the neighbors know everyone so there is a good atmosphere. We are all respectful and discreet. 	This flat was renovated one year ago so it is very clean and functional. Is it a big studio for 2 people. It has a comfortable bed, a modern bathroom and it is in the center of Paris, in one of the best district : LE MARAIS.  The flat was renovated one year ago so it is modern, clean and functional. I tried to make this flat cosy and comfortable. There is a real kitchen, a washing machine so you feel like if you were at home. The bathroom is not that big but very modern and easy to use. The building is very calm. All the neighbors know everyone so there is a good atmosphere. We are all respectful and discreet.  You will have access to TV, Wifi, washing machine. I live in the same building so if you need anything, it is easy for me to respond quickly ;) Arrival are from 1am and departure max 11am. If you need to arrive earlier or leave later, you can ask me on Airbnb. If there is no other reservation before or after you it will not be a problem. I respond generally 24 hours max by mail.
17882	Located in the heart of the MARAIS district and just steps away from the famous Place des Vosges, you will find yourself in the best location to discover Paris! This charming apartment has all the modern amenities and equipment to ensure you have an enjoyable and comfortable stay.	You'll find yourself in the most trendy and vibrant neighborhood of Paris surrounded by cafés, bars, boutiques, museums and galleries! Come and enjoy Paris as a local! Located in the heart of the MARAIS district and just steps away from the famous Place des Vosges, you will find yourself in the best location to discover Paris! This charming apartment has all the modern amenities and equipment to ensure you have an enjoyable and comfortable stay. YOU WILL FIND IN THE APARTMENT: *Complimentary access to High Speed Wi-fi *Living area with chairs and dining table *Fully equipped kitchen (toaster, microwave, kettle) *Flat screen TV *High quality sofa bed with real matress (brand Simmons, 140*200cm) *Bathroom with modern shower and toilet (hair dryer, washing machine and drying machine all provided) *Sheets and towels are provided Come and enjoy Paris as a local! I have many recommendations waiting for you! Right in the center of Paris, the following stations are just steps away: Saint Paul,
17883	My studio is in the 4th floor (without elevator). The building is very well placed in a pedestrian street, a little need of renovation but very typical.  The flat has been fully refurbished last year. It is about 15m2 plus the large mezzanine above the exposed wood beams. There is TV, DVD, Wifi connexion, speakers for iPhone. The kitchen corner is fully equipped (oven, microwave, hot plate, coffee machine...). The bathroom has a washing machine for clothes. The bedroom is on the mezzanine with a double bed and some space for storage. Linen and towels are provided	"Charming apartment in the heart of Paris in an historical neighborhood. Very central location ideal to visit Paris and to live a typical parisian experience. My studio is in the 4th floor (without elevator). The building is very well placed in a pedestrian street, a little need of renovation but very typical.  The flat has been fully refurbished last year. It is about 15m2 plus the large mezzanine above the exposed wood beams. There is TV, DVD, Wifi connexion, speakers for iPhone. The kitchen corner is fully equipped (oven, microwave, hot plate, coffee machine...). The bathroom has a washing machine for clothes. The bedroom is on the mezzanine with a double bed and some space for storage. Linen and towels are provided The rue Saint-Denis is in heart of the old Paris, in the ""quartier du Sentier"" just near the trendy Montorgueil district (less than 5 minutes walk). The neighborhood is very lively with a lot of shops, boulangeries, cafes, restaurants, bars, pubs, clubs, but the flat itse"
17884	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Marais neighborhood with this newly refurbished 2 rooms loft. You will feel like a real Parisian enjoying the “lively and so parisian Marais district” atmosphere offering all the feelings you are expecting to get (excellent bakeries, bistrots, small food shops, arty and design shops…).  On the ground floor in a quiet and gren inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in the flat.. 5/7’ away you will have the metro lines 1, 8 and 11 giving you access to all the major attractions in less than 15/20’. You will be already in the hypercenter of Paris so all is easily accessible by foot. Last but not least, the flat is very close to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est railway station and RER B stops which will ease your travel times to/from the stations and airports. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering you will enjoy the large main room (20sqm) offering a lounge space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to help you cook you	Lovely nest in the heart of the Marais neighborhood. The flat is offering all needed to feel cozy and at home. Public transports are very close, all food shops are less than 5minutes away. In few words great place to stay! Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Marais neighborhood with this newly refurbished 2 rooms loft. You will feel like a real Parisian enjoying the “lively and so parisian Marais district” atmosphere offering all the feelings you are expecting to get (excellent bakeries, bistrots, small food shops, arty and design shops…).  On the ground floor in a quiet and gren inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in the flat.. 5/7’ away you will have the metro lines 1, 8 and 11 giving you access to all the major attractions in less than 15/20’. You will be already in the hypercenter of Paris so all is easily accessible by foot. Last but not least, the flat is very close to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est railway station and RER B stops which will ease your trav
17885	Le studio est calme, avec beaucoup de lumière, composé d'une pièce principale, et d'une autre partie combinant douche, toilettes et kitchenette dans le même espace . Il est situé dans un immeuble ancien du marais avec une belle hauteur sous plafond. La copropriété est très bien entretenue et agréable.	Charmant studio équipé,situé au 4eme étage sans vis à vis, calme, dans un des plus beau quartier de Paris, juste à coté de la rue de Bretagne. A proximité de tous les commerces en bas de chez vous, vous êtes en plein coeur de Paris dans le secteur historique du Marais. Le studio est calme, avec beaucoup de lumière, composé d'une pièce principale, et d'une autre partie combinant douche, toilettes et kitchenette dans le même espace . Il est situé dans un immeuble ancien du marais avec une belle hauteur sous plafond. La copropriété est très bien entretenue et agréable. L'appartement est équipé d'une grande pièce principale, d'une kitchenette avec plaques électriques, d'une douche et d'un wc. Un deuxième wc est aussi situé sur le palier de l'étage du dessous. Connexion wifi assurée par Free. Une TV est aussi dans l'appartement. Connaissant bien le quartier et ses petites adresses, je suis disposé à faire partager mes lieux tops! Cette partie du Marais est très intéressante culturellement, 
17886	This flat is the 3rd district of Paris, which is very central and close to metro stations St. Paul, Bastille and Chemin Vert. The location is ideal to visit Paris in a quick and easy way. 2 guests are welcome to stay in the main bedroom, but there is also a very comfortable couch for a 3rd guest.	"Nice and comfy 2 bedroom flat in the heart of the trendy district ""Le Marais"". The appartment is in a calm street and surrounded by shops, art galleries and the traditional Parisian brasseries. This flat is the 3rd district of Paris, which is very central and close to metro stations St. Paul, Bastille and Chemin Vert. The location is ideal to visit Paris in a quick and easy way. 2 guests are welcome to stay in the main bedroom, but there is also a very comfortable couch for a 3rd guest. All the flat is available for you:  - kitchen with all the necessary equipment and a big fridge - nice bathroom - washing machine - sunny and big living room with HD TV - WiFi - cozy bedroom with doublebed I will be happy to welcome you in my flat and provide any required information, as well as tips to make your stay unforgettable in one the capitals of the world. Le Marais is like a small village in the heart of Paris and has a lot of trendy places you can visit: - Place des Vosges full of art galleri"
17887	Loft of 70m2 in a typical mansion from Le Marais (listed building), built in the 17th century and located in the heart of Paris. It combines both the old charming style (exposed beams, high ceilings and large windows) and all modern comfort. Based on the ground floor, and in front of an inside garden, the loft is a real haven of peace. A place unbelievably quiet, away from the noise and the agitation of the city ! Very bright living-room with a large space. Bedroom, upstairs in the mezzanine, open onto the living-room, with a double bed 140x190 cm.  An additional bedding option is possible in the living-room, on the sofa bed, 140x190 cm.  Special bed for a baby or small child available.  American kitchen, fully equipated : fridge+freezer, electric cooker with an oven, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, juicer, food processors. Bathroom with a bath and separated toilets. Washing machine. Sheets, bathroom towels and household linen are available. Basic products are available a	In the heart of the historical Marais, amazing loft (70 m2) in a fully renovated mansion. Very spacious and quiet (in front of an inside garden). Ideal to discover Paris and enjoy a trendy area ! Loft of 70m2 in a typical mansion from Le Marais (listed building), built in the 17th century and located in the heart of Paris. It combines both the old charming style (exposed beams, high ceilings and large windows) and all modern comfort. Based on the ground floor, and in front of an inside garden, the loft is a real haven of peace. A place unbelievably quiet, away from the noise and the agitation of the city ! Very bright living-room with a large space. Bedroom, upstairs in the mezzanine, open onto the living-room, with a double bed 140x190 cm.  An additional bedding option is possible in the living-room, on the sofa bed, 140x190 cm.  Special bed for a baby or small child available.  American kitchen, fully equipated : fridge+freezer, electric cooker with an oven, dishwasher, Nespresso cof
17888	> Situation / Location  Bel appartement parisien (parquet, moulures, cheminées) avec ascenseur. Extrêmement ensoleillé et idéalement situé au coeur du Marais (près de la Place des Vosges, de la fameuse rue de Bretagne, place de la Bastille et place de la République à 400 mètres chacune). Vous apprécierez flâner dans les ruelles typiques du Marais, qui entourent l'immeuble, et découvrir les charmants petits restaurants et boutiques qu'elles cachent.  Lovely parisian flat (parquet floor, moldings,chimneys) with a lift, extremely sunny and very well located in the heart of Le Marais (200m from Place des Vosges, 100m from rue de Bretagne, place de la Bastille and place de la République are 400m far each). You'll enjoy walking in the typical Marais streets that surround the flat and discover the charming little restaurants and shops that they hide. > Description Cuisine totalement équipée (micro-ondes, frigidaire, vrai four, lave vaisselle, Nespresso ... ), une télévision dans chaque pièce,	Sunny, secure, welcoming and very functional flat in the heart of Le Marais. One room (double bed) + the possibility to manage a kid's sleeping. Very enjoyable walks, restaurants and shops around. I will always be available to help during your stay. > Situation / Location  Bel appartement parisien (parquet, moulures, cheminées) avec ascenseur. Extrêmement ensoleillé et idéalement situé au coeur du Marais (près de la Place des Vosges, de la fameuse rue de Bretagne, place de la Bastille et place de la République à 400 mètres chacune). Vous apprécierez flâner dans les ruelles typiques du Marais, qui entourent l'immeuble, et découvrir les charmants petits restaurants et boutiques qu'elles cachent.  Lovely parisian flat (parquet floor, moldings,chimneys) with a lift, extremely sunny and very well located in the heart of Le Marais (200m from Place des Vosges, 100m from rue de Bretagne, place de la Bastille and place de la République are 400m far each). You'll enjoy walking in the typical Mar
17889		One bedroom apartment nicely refurbished, on the 3rd floor without lift, overlooking a quiet courtyard. Kitchen fully equiped, one comfy sobafed in the living room.
17890	Located in the city center of Paris in a amazing neighborhood	Beautiful studio located in the center of Paris. Between the old historic neighborhoods, shops, and restaurants, you are in the perfect place to live your french dream Located in the city center of Paris in a amazing neighborhood Public Bus, Metro ; 1/8, and everythings (food, shooping, historic buildings)
17891	Clean appartment, comfortable with 	Confortable 40m2 appartment located very close to Bastille and le Marais. Nice living room with US kitchen. Very central in Paris and easily accessible by metro.    Clean appartment, comfortable with  Wifi - TV - Fully equiped Kitchen  Very central place in le Marais, with a lot of nice bars and typical restaurant with good food around! Metro ligne 8: Chemin Vert Metro Ligne 5: Breguet Sabin Metro Line 1 Bastille Appartment located at the 5th Floor without lift
17892		A Trendy studio in Place des Vosges, embraces comfort & design. This Studio allows guest to feel like they are part of the city and not just a visitor!
17893	Situé au 5 eme étage sans ascenseur, ce studio est entièrement équipé pour que vous puissiez profiter au maximum de votre séjour parisien.  En plein centre de Paris, les lignes de métro 8 et 11 sont proximité, ainsi que la station république (8 min à pied). Petite précision, la salle de bain ne dispose pas de porte, mais d'un rideau opaque. Toilettes avec semi-broyeur.	If you look for a small cosy place, close to all amenities and in the very heart of Paris, I have find the right place ! It is close to metro lines 11, 8, 3 and Republique station ( lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11). If you want more pictures, just let me know!
17894	Cet appartement possédè une chambre séparé du séjours/cuisine qui donne sur un jardin interne très calme et jolie ( on peut dormir sans bruits!). La cuisine est bien équipé, lave-linge, vaisselles, frigo, four, plaques de cuissons induction, four à microonde, toaster, cafetière Nespresso. Il y a aussi un sèche cheveux, une lave-linge/sèche-linge ( pratique pour des séjours prolongés). il y a aussi une sélection de DVD , livres et CD à disposition des clients. Le chauffage est autonome. Vous y sentirez comme chez vous!	Cet appartement possédè une chambre séparé du séjours/cuisine qui donne sur un jardin interne très calme et jolie ( on peut dormir sans bruits!). La cuisine est bien équipé, lave-linge, vaisselles, frigo, four, plaques de cuissons induction, four à microonde, toaster, cafetière Nespresso. Il y a aussi un sèche cheveux, une lave-linge/sèche-linge ( pratique pour des séjours prolongés). il y a aussi une sélection de DVD , livres et CD à disposition des clients. Le chauffage est autonome. Vous y sentirez comme chez vous! Je suis totalement disponible pour touts renseignement sur la ville ainsi que présent lors de votre check-in. Cet appartement se trouve dans le centre du Marais, à quelques pas du Musée Pompidou, Picasso, Carnevalet, expositions d'art et jardins. Le quartier permet aussi de faire du shopping avec les nombreuses boutiques de marques contemporaines ( rue vieille du temple, rue francs bourgeois, rue de Rosier entre autres). C'est aussi le seul quartier ou les boutiques sont 
17895	This one bedroom hip apartment, is located on a fashionable street in Paris’s historic Marais district whose character is carried over into the apartment. It has everything you need to enjoy your stay inside. A fully equipped kitchen, new furnishings, a comfortable queen sized bed, all completed with a relaxing bathroom featuring a full sized tub. A sofa bed in the living room can accommodate 2 children. After a day of shopping and sightseeing relax by taking a hot bath. 	This chic and comfortable apartment has been fully renovated by a professional decorator. It includes a fully equipped separated kitchen, a comfortable queen sized bed in a separated BR and a relaxing bathroom featuring a full sized tub    This one bedroom hip apartment, is located on a fashionable street in Paris’s historic Marais district whose character is carried over into the apartment. It has everything you need to enjoy your stay inside. A fully equipped kitchen, new furnishings, a comfortable queen sized bed, all completed with a relaxing bathroom featuring a full sized tub. A sofa bed in the living room can accommodate 2 children. After a day of shopping and sightseeing relax by taking a hot bath.  The apartment is complete with modern amenities including wireless Internet. It is located in an 18th century traditional Marais building, on the 3rd floor - no elevator. The historic Marais in the heart of Paris is one of the most popular choices for Paris vacations. Its narrow cob
17896	This one bedroom apartment of 50 m2 is very well situated, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 4 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated. It is in the heart of Marais area. The apartment is structured as follows: Bedroom: double bed, wardrobe, desk. Living room: double convertible sofa bed, TV, table with chairs. Area Kitchen: fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils. Bathroom: bathtub and WC. This apartment is on the ground floor. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, oven and micro-wave, kettle, toaster, cooking utensils, Nespresso coffee maker, washing machine, hairdryer, iron and ironing Board, individual electric heating. We provide bed linen and towels.  We do not provide shampoo, shower gel, toothbrush, toothpaste.	This one bedroom apartment of 50 m2 is very well situated, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 4 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated. It is in the heart of Marais area. This one bedroom apartment of 50 m2 is very well situated, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 4 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated. It is in the heart of Marais area. The apartment is structured as follows: Bedroom: double bed, wardrobe, desk. Living room: double convertible sofa bed, TV, table with chairs. Area Kitchen: fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils. Bathroom: bathtub and WC. This apartment is on the ground floor. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, oven and micro-wave, kettle, toaster, cooking utensils, Nespresso coffee maker, washing machine, hairdryer, iron and ironing Board, individual electric heating. We provide bed linen and towels.  We do not provide shampoo, shower gel, toothbrush, toothpaste. The guests have access to the whole apartment. You can c
17897	"INTRO Reflecting a passion and spirit for the past, this beautiful Marais vacation rental opens its doors to artists, musicians, writers... and to all, it will capture your heart. This rental typifies the perfect Parisian apartment where decoration, style and quality are effortlessly combined with Old Paris chic. The style is understated, classical and gracious and exudes a cosy atmosphere. Sitting a plum position in Paris, it welcomes 2 to 4 persons in a romantic nest. DETAILS 17th century building, ""monument classé"", 4th floor (top, no lift), characterized by a charming tower over viewing Paris on three sides, ideal for writers, newly renovated and furbished with taste and traditional material, hardwood floors, exposed beams, fireplace, living room with open kitchen, NON SMOCKING, windows on three sides EQUIPMENT One bedroom; Sleeps 2 + 2 in the living room's sofabed One bathroom Free wifi, HiFi, TV, unlimited phone, washing machine NEARBY Picasso Museum, Place des Vosges, Bastille a"	"INTRO Reflecting a passion and spirit for the past, this beautiful Marais vacation rental opens its doors to artists, musicians, writers... and to all, it will capture your heart. This rental typifies the perfect Parisian apartment where decoration, style and quality are effortlessly combined with Old Paris chic. The style is understated, classical and gracious and exudes a cosy atmosphere. Sitting a plum position in Paris, it welcomes 2 to 4 persons in a romantic nest. DETAILS 17th century building, ""monument classé"", 4th floor (top, no lift), characterized by a charming tower over viewing Paris on three sides, ideal for writers, newly renovated and furbished with taste and traditional material, hardwood floors, exposed beams, fireplace, living room with open kitchen, NON SMOCKING, windows on three sides EQUIPMENT One bedroom; Sleeps 2 + 2 in the living room's sofabed One bathroom Free wifi, HiFi, TV, unlimited phone, washing machine NEARBY Picasso Museum, Place des Vosges, Bastille a"
17898	35 M² Only for 2 persons.  Ground Floor. Very quite.  Final cleaning include in the price.  Fresh sheets, towels, soap, wireless internet …almost everything you need is provided. All that you have to do is relax and plan what to do during your stay in Paris.	Enjoy the calm and refinement of an apartment that combines contemporary design and comfort. This haven of peace in the heart of Le Marais, will make an excellent base for exploring Paris and all that it has to offer. We welcome you on your arrival and remain at your disposal. 35 M² Only for 2 persons.  Ground Floor. Very quite.  Final cleaning include in the price.  Fresh sheets, towels, soap, wireless internet …almost everything you need is provided. All that you have to do is relax and plan what to do during your stay in Paris. No party.  No pets.  Non smoking. The apartment is in the middle of Paris. Don't forget to take a good pair of shoes as you will walk a lot to visit main interesting places ! 4 metro station nearby. The closest is Rambuteau We will give you all transportation details for your arrival when your reservation is confirmed. For ealy arrival or late check out we have a special room to keep your luggages.
17899	Enjoy the city like a local parisian, while staying in one of the most authentic and vibrant neighbourhoods in Paris.  The flat is located at the heart of the trendy Marais district and a few steps away from Place des Vosges, art galleries, local bistros, restaurants and places to going out. Hotel de Ville and Ile de la Cité (Notre Dame) are a quick walk from the flat.  It has a gorgeous view of the Sacre Coeur at Montmartre and it is close to transportation: metro is just a few minutes away and it can quickly take you to main tourist attractions: L'Opéra, Eiffel tower and Champs Elysées (direct metro line).  The flat is very luminous, calm, fully furnished and it is completely equipped (WI-FI, bedlinen, towels, washing machine, dishwasher, heater, and there's everything in the kitchen to cook your own home made meals, while enjoying a tasty local wine and overlooking the Sacre Coeur...). It can accomodate up to 4 people (a double bed in a separate bedroom and a sofa for two in the liv	Enjoy the city like a local parisian, while staying in one of the most authentic and vibrant neighbourhoods in Paris. The flat is located at the heart of the trendy Marais district and a few steps away from Place des Vosges Enjoy the city like a local parisian, while staying in one of the most authentic and vibrant neighbourhoods in Paris.  The flat is located at the heart of the trendy Marais district and a few steps away from Place des Vosges, art galleries, local bistros, restaurants and places to going out. Hotel de Ville and Ile de la Cité (Notre Dame) are a quick walk from the flat.  It has a gorgeous view of the Sacre Coeur at Montmartre and it is close to transportation: metro is just a few minutes away and it can quickly take you to main tourist attractions: L'Opéra, Eiffel tower and Champs Elysées (direct metro line).  The flat is very luminous, calm, fully furnished and it is completely equipped (WI-FI, bedlinen, towels, washing machine, dishwasher, heater, and there's every
17900	L'appartement dispose de deux pièces :  Une chambre avec un lit place de deux places et un endroit pour poser les valises.  Un salon avec un canapé une place et un matelas pour la 4ème personne. Une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo et toilettes.  Une cuisine américaine dans le salon avec micro onde et réfrigérateur.	Situé à proximité des commerces, des bars et du centre beaubourg, l'appartement rue des gravilliers dispose d'une chambre et une douche séparé. Avec ces murs en pierres d'époque et ces poutres apparentes c'est un appartement fonctionnel et plein de charme. 
17901	50m2 historical dupleix in the heart of the Marais: 5mn walk from Place des Vosges,10mn walk from the Seine (Ile St Louis), 5mn walk from Bastille (subway line 1 for Louvre, Concorde, Champs-Elysées...). 2mn walk from 2 subway stations (line 8), 3mn walk from a taxi station. The place is located in a very trendy area with many restaurants, bistrots and shops (Merci). You'll also find a grocery store (2mn walk from the apartment) open till 8PM.  Living room, dining room and kitchen on the ground floor (+sofabed). Bedroom and bathroom on the first floor. WI-FI Internet, LCD TV, Cable TV, coffe machine (Nespresso), washing machine, dishwasher, fridge, vacuum, iron and ironing table. Sheets and towels included. Dishes included.  About the 3rd arrondissement: The 3rd is possibly one of the best places to live in Paris. There are several good open air markets, a gigantic covered flea market, and lots of great speciality food stores, especially along rue de Bretagne. The museums of the 3rd ar	50m2 historical dupleix in the heart of the Marais: 5mn walk from Place des Vosges,10mn walk from the Seine (Ile St Louis), 5mn walk from Bastille (subway line 1 for Louvre, Concorde, Champs-Elysées...). 2mn walk from 2 subway stations (line 8), 3mn walk from a taxi station. The place is located in a very trendy area with many restaurants, bistrots and shops (Merci). You'll also find a grocery store (2mn walk from the apartment) open till 8PM.  Living room, dining room and kitchen on the ground floor (+sofabed). Bedroom and bathroom on the first floor. WI-FI Internet, LCD TV, Cable TV, coffe machine (Nespresso), washing machine, dishwasher, fridge, vacuum, iron and ironing table. Sheets and towels included. Dishes included.  About the 3rd arrondissement: The 3rd is possibly one of the best places to live in Paris. There are several good open air markets, a gigantic covered flea market, and lots of great speciality food stores, especially along rue de Bretagne. The museums of the 3rd ar
17902	Extremely well located, this apartment is at 100 meters (less than 400 ft.) from the superb Place de Vosges, is close to Picasso museum, to Carnevalet museum and to plenty of other Marais district’s jewels.  Space, comfort, quietness and Parisian style with the Italian touch are the main key words. A nice entrance, beautiful ancient wooden floor, a spacious living, a separate dining room, a separate all furnished kitchen, three bedrooms (two rooms with double bed and one room with two single beds), two bathrooms (one with shower and one with bathtub), many storages, lot of light… what ask more?	Extremely well located, this apartment is at 100 meters (less than 400 ft.) from the superb Place de Vosges, is close to Picasso museum, to Carnevalet museum and to plenty of other Marais district’s jewels.  Space, comfort, quietness and Parisian style with the Italian touch are the main key words. A nice entrance, beautiful ancient wooden floor, a spacious living, a separate dining room, a separate all furnished kitchen, three bedrooms (two rooms with double bed and one room with two single beds), two bathrooms (one with shower and one with bathtub), many storages, lot of light… what ask more?
17903	The apartment located at 200 meters of the Place des Vosges, a beautiful district full of hystorical buildings. It is very well placed to visit Paris : close 3 subway stations (Saint Paul ( Line 1 ) - Chemin Vert ( Line 8 ) - Saint Sabin ( Line 5 ) -  and 4 bus lines ( (phone number hidden) ) It is located in a little busy street, so it is particulary still, and being in the 5th floor south / north oriented, it is specially clear and bright. Bushes and house plants on balconies. View on the roofs of Paris. This apartment of 96 m2 is occupied by its owners except during the periods of rent. The flat is located at 200 meters from all types of shops such as supermarkets, grocery, bakery, pharmacy, etc... and restaurants. The apartment contains a living room, a dining room with kitchen, and two bed rooms. It is equiped with 2 double beds, and 1 pull-out sofa (for two persons). The kitchen is full equipped, the bathroom and the toilets are separated. Internet access Wifi provided. 	The apartment located at 200 meters of the Place des Vosges, a beautiful district full of hystorical buildings. It is very well placed to visit Paris : close 3 subway stations (Saint Paul ( Line 1 ) - Chemin Vert ( Line 8 ) - Saint Sabin ( Line 5 ) -  and 4 bus lines ( (phone number hidden) ) It is located in a little busy street, so it is particulary still, and being in the 5th floor south / north oriented, it is specially clear and bright. Bushes and house plants on balconies. View on the roofs of Paris. This apartment of 96 m2 is occupied by its owners except during the periods of rent. The flat is located at 200 meters from all types of shops such as supermarkets, grocery, bakery, pharmacy, etc... and restaurants. The apartment contains a living room, a dining room with kitchen, and two bed rooms. It is equiped with 2 double beds, and 1 pull-out sofa (for two persons). The kitchen is full equipped, the bathroom and the toilets are separated. Internet access Wifi provided. 
17904	Hello! Cosy, silencious and functional, this apartment is located in rue de Bretagne, at the heart of the Marais - a lively and historical neighborhood of Paris. The Marais is well known for its cultural scene, home of various artists and art galleries, great museums (Picasso museum, Beaubourg are just at a few minutes walking distance), fashion retail stores, trendy bars & cafés and great restaurants. It widespreads through the 3rd and 4th districts of Paris mainly.   Rue de Bretagne is an animated street. Among others, you can enjoy the Marché des Enfants Rouges (one of the oldest fruits and vegetables markets of the city). Its international street food corners are just one block away from the building. Alternatively, you can walk down to the south part of the Marais and pace around its famous and busy streets (rue des Rosiers, rue Vieille du Temple, etc.). Concerning the flat itself, you will find everything you need to make your stay comfortable and relaxing: double convertible bed	The apartment is ideally located at the heart of the Marais, a famous and historical Parisian neighborhood. Rue de Bretagne looks like a village, booming and intimate. Though, the place is very calm...  Hello! Cosy, silencious and functional, this apartment is located in rue de Bretagne, at the heart of the Marais - a lively and historical neighborhood of Paris. The Marais is well known for its cultural scene, home of various artists and art galleries, great museums (Picasso museum, Beaubourg are just at a few minutes walking distance), fashion retail stores, trendy bars & cafés and great restaurants. It widespreads through the 3rd and 4th districts of Paris mainly.   Rue de Bretagne is an animated street. Among others, you can enjoy the Marché des Enfants Rouges (one of the oldest fruits and vegetables markets of the city). Its international street food corners are just one block away from the building. Alternatively, you can walk down to the south part of the Marais and pace around i
17905	This large apartment will be the best choice during your stay in Paris. In the heart of the city, it is located one road behind from the Georges Pompidou Museum. This 70 m2 apartment can host maximum 8 people.  Near the apartment you will find restaurants, bars and bistros that will make you feel a real Parisian! Not only for sightseeing but also for the real Parisian nightlife, this apartment is your best choice. The famous Marais district is only 2 min away on foot. It is just in walking distance from many sightseeing (Bastille, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Louvre museum). The area is very well connected with many lines of the metro and bus stations.  The apartment has a living room with a big sofa that can be converted into a double bed, plasma TV, piano, computer, and a dinner table. The kitchen is very well equipped with everything you might need during your stay. You have two private toilets and a private bathroom with a shower. The apartment is consisted by two rooms. In the first 	This large apartment will be the best choice during your stay in Paris. In the heart of the city, it is located one road behind from the Georges Pompidou Museum. This 70 m2 apartment can host maximum 8 people.  Near the apartment you will find restaurants, bars and bistros that will make you feel a real Parisian! Not only for sightseeing but also for the real Parisian nightlife, this apartment is your best choice. The famous Marais district is only 2 min away on foot. It is just in walking distance from many sightseeing (Bastille, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Louvre museum). The area is very well connected with many lines of the metro and bus stations.  The apartment has a living room with a big sofa that can be converted into a double bed, plasma TV, piano, computer, and a dinner table. The kitchen is very well equipped with everything you might need during your stay. You have two private toilets and a private bathroom with a shower. The apartment is consisted by two rooms. In the first 
17906	Appartement en duplex en rez-de-jardin sur cour intérieure.  Métro : Arts et Métiers – Ligne 3 et 11 – Quartier du Marais Idéal pour visiter Paris – A 5 min du Centre POMPIDOU et 15 min de Notre Dame de Paris. J’ai mon bureau à 100 mètres de l’immeuble et peux vous accueillir facilement pour le check in et check out. Pour 2 personnes (comfort) ou 3 personnes. Surface : 50m2 1 cuisine américaine 1 chambre avec lit 140*190 cm 1 salle de bain avec baignoire 1 toilet séparé 1 salon avec canapé lit. Appartement au calme. Accès à Internet Linge de maison (draps et serviettes) fournis. Non fumeur.	Appartement en duplex en rez-de-jardin sur cour intérieure.  Surface : 50m2 Métro Arts et Métier Très Calme Appartement en duplex en rez-de-jardin sur cour intérieure.  Métro : Arts et Métiers – Ligne 3 et 11 – Quartier du Marais Idéal pour visiter Paris – A 5 min du Centre POMPIDOU et 15 min de Notre Dame de Paris. J’ai mon bureau à 100 mètres de l’immeuble et peux vous accueillir facilement pour le check in et check out. Pour 2 personnes (comfort) ou 3 personnes. Surface : 50m2 1 cuisine américaine 1 chambre avec lit 140*190 cm 1 salle de bain avec baignoire 1 toilet séparé 1 salon avec canapé lit. Appartement au calme. Accès à Internet Linge de maison (draps et serviettes) fournis. Non fumeur.
17907	You will feel at home in this typically parisian apartment with authentic details, the parquet and tomettes. It lies in the heart of the historic neighborhood Le Marais, with place des Vosges, musée Picasso, Centre Pompidou within 10 minutes walking distance. Shops and restaurants are around the corner in the rue de Bretagne. The building is secured with a access code.  The kitchen is well equipped a.o. with microwave and nespresso machine.  The bed in the bedroom is 1,60 x 2 m and the one in the alcove 1,20 x 2 m. The bathroom has a bath, sink and toilet. The second, small bathroom has a shower and toilet.  The apartment is equipped with wifi, cable TV and free international calls to about 300 countries,  cd player with many cd's and a dvd player with a large choice of films. There is not a washing machine in the apartment, but a Lavarie just next door.	Cosy, comfortable and light 75 m2 flat with authentic features, on the 3rd floor of a 18th century building with elevator. Very quiet flat at the back of the building. Lively neighborhood with shops and restaurant around the corner! You will feel at home in this typically parisian apartment with authentic details, the parquet and tomettes. It lies in the heart of the historic neighborhood Le Marais, with place des Vosges, musée Picasso, Centre Pompidou within 10 minutes walking distance. Shops and restaurants are around the corner in the rue de Bretagne. The building is secured with a access code.  The kitchen is well equipped a.o. with microwave and nespresso machine.  The bed in the bedroom is 1,60 x 2 m and the one in the alcove 1,20 x 2 m. The bathroom has a bath, sink and toilet. The second, small bathroom has a shower and toilet.  The apartment is equipped with wifi, cable TV and free international calls to about 300 countries,  cd player with many cd's and a dvd player with a la
17908	The Sherwood Residence features a large living room with a view of the Marais. The dining room is ideal for organizing a dinner with friends or family. Parquet and moldings will transport you into the world of an authentic and luxurious Paris.	The incredible Sherwood Residence is located in the Marais Fully furnished with refinement and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. Welcome to your new Parisian residence. The Sherwood Residence features a large living room with a view of the Marais. The dining room is ideal for organizing a dinner with friends or family. Parquet and moldings will transport you into the world of an authentic and luxurious Paris. Bedrooms equipped with its very comfortable double beds, the kitchen is equipped with dishwasher, oven, ceramic hob, washing machine and everything you need for cooking. The residence is located 5 minutes walk from major museums such as the Museum of Modern Art and the Picasso Museum. The neighborhood is famous for it monuments more or less confidential such as the National Archives or the Cloître des Billettes. The Marais's western neighbour is Beaubourg, whose focal point is the Centre Pompidou modern art museum, a benchmark of inside-out high
17909	Enter Chic Beaubourg through a beautiful French Garden/Courtyard. Accessed on the third floor by an elevator.  Chic Beaubourg  is really a must  for families with small children and babies or groups of friends.A great way to stay right in the centre of Paris in Style. 	There is 50€ sofa bed fee over 2 guests Enter Chic Beaubourg through a beautiful French Garden/Courtyard. Accessed on the third floor by an elevator.  Chic Beaubourg  is really a must  for families with small children and babies or groups of friends.A great way to stay right in the centre of Paris in Style.  Ideally set up with two separate sleeping areas and a separate bathroom and WC. The main living area is open plan with a quality pull out sofa bed suitable for two adults two children/teenagers… Including the sofa two leather armchairs allow good seating for a night in watching a movie after a busy day being a Parisian! Cable TV and Wi Fi will keep you connected or stay in touch with free long distance calls from landline to landline. The kitchen is well equipped with all new appliances it houses a washer/dryer combo dishwasher micro wave electric hob coffee machine toaster water boiler and fridge with an ice compartment. A dining table will seat 4. The master bed is 160/200 all du
17910	1  bedroom apartment in the best part of the Marais, walking distance to art galleries, trendy bars and stores, 3 min walk from place des Vosges Ground floor, 40 square meter, on a charming courtyard. Living room, bedroom with a comfy double bed	1  bedroom apartment in the best part of the Marais, walking distance to art galleries, trendy bars and stores, 3 min walk from place des Vosges Ground floor, 40 square meter, on a charming courtyard. Living room, bedroom with a comfy double bed 1  bedroom apartment in the best part of the Marais, walking distance to art galleries, trendy bars and stores, 3 min walk from place des Vosges Ground floor, 40 square meter, on a charming courtyard. Living room, bedroom with a comfy double bed
17911	Nearby the district of St Paul and the Bastille, this duplex is ideally located. Very bright apartment, offering a view on a private parisian garden. The accommodation is well-equipped.	Duplex of 36 sqm 5 min walking from Bastille and St Paul. Very cosy and bright, the flat includes a double room + dressing room, opened kitchen on the lounge. Nearby the district of St Paul and the Bastille, this duplex is ideally located. Very bright apartment, offering a view on a private parisian garden. The accommodation is well-equipped. - 1 kingsize bed - Dressing - City map of Paris on complimentary - Fridge - Oven - Dishes at disposal - washing machine - Flat screen TV - Home cinema - WIFI kindly not we do not supply the linen (bed linen, bath towel..) On site for the check in and check out. The Marais  is a district located on the  3rd and 4th arrondissements of Paris. Saved by the big Haussmann works, it is an exceptional area for the architecture because we find another large number of luxurious housesof the 17th century, which shelter today mainly museums, we also find trendy restaurants, bars, galleries and bookshops : the atmosphere is very festive and sophisticated Subwa
17912	"Magnificent apartment ultra modern due to all its material (equipment) last generation, and traditional due to sound attractive and woodfloor, its window and its exposed beams, this apartment will bring you all the necessary comfort to feel(smell) you as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, (""le marais"", franc bourgois street , the place(square) of Vosges, museum beaubourg, the place(square) of the Republic, city Hall of Paris near the Seine River, Notre Dame de Paris,Tower St Jacques) this apartment consists of a big and comfortable stay with  TV , a REAL BED INSINDE THE CLOSET which can welcome 2 people with a real bed very comfortable. A cooking(kitchen) any outing with cook(cooker), oven, refrigerator, coffee machine, toaster, kettle, dishes(crockery) etc.... On the  first room(chamber) with a double bed which can welcome 2 people, arrangements; A 2nd room(chamber) with a double be"	"Magnificent apartment, very luminous and located very close of the franc bourgois street, Le marais  and ""place of the Vosges"". This loft is entirely equipped and nine for an optimal comfort during your stay in paris Magnificent apartment ultra modern due to all its material (equipment) last generation, and traditional due to sound attractive and woodfloor, its window and its exposed beams, this apartment will bring you all the necessary comfort to feel(smell) you as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, (""le marais"", franc bourgois street , the place(square) of Vosges, museum beaubourg, the place(square) of the Republic, city Hall of Paris near the Seine River, Notre Dame de Paris,Tower St Jacques) this apartment consists of a big and comfortable stay with  TV , a REAL BED INSINDE THE CLOSET which can welcome 2 people with a real bed very comfortable. A cooking(kitchen) any outing with"
17913	The first floor is coming: - A dining area with a dining table, four chairs and an authentic old dressing. - A living room with a sofa pull out bed, a coffee table, a TVHD, a DVD, an Ipod speaker and a free internet access and a large window light the room. - A separate kitchen equipped with a fridge, cook top,microwave, coffee maker, tea pot, toaster, dishes needed and utensils. - A bathroom with a bath tub, a bath sink, a washing machine, a hair dryer and WC. On the mezzanine there is:  - A large bedroom with two small windows overlooking a little courtyard, with a queen size bed, a commode and a large dressing. Linen and towels are provided.	First floor apartment in a seventeen century building few meters from famous Place des Vosges. 36 square meters on the first floor plus 16 square meters mezzanine, 67 inches high. This apartment will be perfect for three adults or a family with two kids. The first floor is coming: - A dining area with a dining table, four chairs and an authentic old dressing. - A living room with a sofa pull out bed, a coffee table, a TVHD, a DVD, an Ipod speaker and a free internet access and a large window light the room. - A separate kitchen equipped with a fridge, cook top,microwave, coffee maker, tea pot, toaster, dishes needed and utensils. - A bathroom with a bath tub, a bath sink, a washing machine, a hair dryer and WC. On the mezzanine there is:  - A large bedroom with two small windows overlooking a little courtyard, with a queen size bed, a commode and a large dressing. Linen and towels are provided. At 2 minutes walking distance from Place des Vosges, you are in the Center of Le Marais. Le 
17914	"""La maison des escargots"" (The House of Snails) is one of the most spectacular and unique design apartments in Paris. Created by its owner, a prominent French artist, it features built-in furniture - a dining table that slides out over a large bath, a queen-sized bed that folds into the wall - as well as its much-photographed walls, which are decorated with approximately 250 sculptures of snail shells. The apartment is located just 100 meters from the Place des Vosges in the Northern Marais, which is now the most sought after neighborhood in Paris for those in fashion and design. Some of the city's best restaurants, cafes, and bars are just steps away, as is the Metro. 364 ft2 with a sunny 120ft2 terrace, the apartment has a kitchenette with sink, stove, microwave, and refrigerator, and a bath. Wifi and high definition internet TV with HDMI connection are included. There is also a washer and an outdoor drying area. I'll meet you in the neighborhood, get you settled in, and be available"	"The coolest of spaces with a wonderful, sunny terrace just steps from the Place des Vosges and surrounded by some of the best fooding and shopping in the city. ""La maison des escargots"" (The House of Snails) is one of the most spectacular and unique design apartments in Paris. Created by its owner, a prominent French artist, it features built-in furniture - a dining table that slides out over a large bath, a queen-sized bed that folds into the wall - as well as its much-photographed walls, which are decorated with approximately 250 sculptures of snail shells. The apartment is located just 100 meters from the Place des Vosges in the Northern Marais, which is now the most sought after neighborhood in Paris for those in fashion and design. Some of the city's best restaurants, cafes, and bars are just steps away, as is the Metro. 364 ft2 with a sunny 120ft2 terrace, the apartment has a kitchenette with sink, stove, microwave, and refrigerator, and a bath. Wifi and high definition internet "
17915	This light, bright and well equipped apartment is right in the heart of Paris is within one of the most popular tourist areas:Le Marais.  With an abundance of bars, restaurants, shops, boutiques, patisseries this area is trendy and central. Just 300m from Place des Vosges, this apartment is the ideal base for your stay in Paris. This charming one bedroom apartment provides a double bedroom, living, dining and sleeping area, well equipped kitchen and bathroom. The homely living area is furnished with a sofa and chairs, T.V., with cable package, coffee table and dining table and chairs for entertaining guests during your self catering stay. Wireless internet access is also available and there is a secure entry system with interphone. The kitchen has an oven, hob, fridge, freezer, a microwave, toaster, freezer, kettle, a coffee maker and all the pots, pans, crockery and cutlery that you should require during your stay. The comfortable bedroom has a double bed, wardrobes, bedside tables an	This light, bright and well equipped apartment is right in the heart of Paris is within one of the most popular tourist areas:Le Marais. With an abundance of bars, restaurants, shops, boutiques, patisseries this area is trendy and central.  This light, bright and well equipped apartment is right in the heart of Paris is within one of the most popular tourist areas:Le Marais.  With an abundance of bars, restaurants, shops, boutiques, patisseries this area is trendy and central. Just 300m from Place des Vosges, this apartment is the ideal base for your stay in Paris. This charming one bedroom apartment provides a double bedroom, living, dining and sleeping area, well equipped kitchen and bathroom. The homely living area is furnished with a sofa and chairs, T.V., with cable package, coffee table and dining table and chairs for entertaining guests during your self catering stay. Wireless internet access is also available and there is a secure entry system with interphone. The kitchen has a
17916		Studio de 18m2 très lumineux avec terrasse et baignoire. Au pied de la Bastille, à deux pas du Marais,  Place des Vosges, Oberkampf... 18m2 studio in the heart of Paris w/ balcony & bath. Near Bastille, Le Marais, Place des Vosges, Oberkampf... Metro : L. 1, 5, 8 Bus 20, Bus 29, Bus 65, Bus 86...
17917	Au cœur du quartier du Marais, entre la rue des Rosiers et a 100m du métro St Paul	75m2 flat, totally furnished, very calm, in the heart of Marais district. Only 5' by foot from Place des Vosges, île St-Louis, Notre-Dame.  3 pièces de 75m2 tout équipé, au cœur du Marais, haut standing, 3ème étage avec ascenseur, a 100m du métro St-Paul Au cœur du quartier du Marais, entre la rue des Rosiers et a 100m du métro St Paul Metro St-Paul
17918	A charming apartment fully furnished with separate bedroom queen size + sofabed bed queen size in the main room. Kitchen fully equipped. Washer/dryer, dishwasher, TV english, FREE phone, FREE wifi, 2nd floor (no elevator). Safe and beautiful.	Elegant and charming apartment located in the best part of le Marais near PLACE des VOSGES. Quiet, residential, safe area. Old typical parisian building on a green garden courtyard. Entirely remodeled and in the spirit of beautiful Paris. 2nd floor   A charming apartment fully furnished with separate bedroom queen size + sofabed bed queen size in the main room. Kitchen fully equipped. Washer/dryer, dishwasher, TV english, FREE phone, FREE wifi, 2nd floor (no elevator). Safe and beautiful. Assistance 24/24 7/7.  Historical Marais, extremely alive and cultural night and day. Place des vosges
17919	As highlighted in the photos, this is an open architecture duplex with exposed wood-beam ceilings, typical of the Marais district, with all the amenities for a comfortable stay.   Some specifications include: - Fully-equipped Kitchen: Dishwasher, multi-function oven, blender, electric kettle, Nespresso machine - High-tech Equipment: 100 Mo fiber optic internet Wifi, Sound System, Flat screen TV - Office Space with desk and computer screen - Free standing Air Conditioning unit - Plenty of dresser and closet space - 11 Double-paned windows - Washer/Dryer, iron, hair dryer…. - Very airy, bright, and calm space - located on the 5th and top floor  - Central location in the heart of Paris with easy access to all points of interest Good to know : As in most of the 18th century buildings typical of the Marais neighborhood, there is no elevator. Located on the 5th floor this very quiet duplex is composed of : FIRST LEVEL:  Kitchen, Living Room and Dining area, and Half Bath. - Fully Equipped Ki	New on Airbnb - Spacious and quiet upscale 990 ft² duplex, with a 400 ft² master suite, located on the top floor of a charming building nestled in Le Marais, one of the most sought after neighborhoods. Sure to offer a true Parisian experience! As highlighted in the photos, this is an open architecture duplex with exposed wood-beam ceilings, typical of the Marais district, with all the amenities for a comfortable stay.   Some specifications include: - Fully-equipped Kitchen: Dishwasher, multi-function oven, blender, electric kettle, Nespresso machine - High-tech Equipment: 100 Mo fiber optic internet Wifi, Sound System, Flat screen TV - Office Space with desk and computer screen - Free standing Air Conditioning unit - Plenty of dresser and closet space - 11 Double-paned windows - Washer/Dryer, iron, hair dryer…. - Very airy, bright, and calm space - located on the 5th and top floor  - Central location in the heart of Paris with easy access to all points of interest Good to know : As in 
17920	A functional and comfortable studio in the heart of “Le Marais”, the neighborhood of Paris, the most Trendy and Fashion located in a nice quiet and tree-lined street . Ideal for a small romantic getaway weekend in the most beautiful city in the world.  You will quickly feel like a true Parisian in its nest. Ideally located in the heart of Paris within walking distance of major historical places in Paris (Place des Vosges , Place de la Bastille , Place de la République etc ...) this apartment has a comfortable living room with a sofa-bed for 2 people. A small kitchen with fridge, coffee machine, toaster , kettle etc ... The bathroom has a new shower , sink and toilet. You will also have at your disposal everything you need to stay connected with the world, free wireless internet access, cable TV with all major French channels and most international TV channels. The apartment is located in the heart of the historical district of “Le Marais”,  This neighbourhood cover a part of the 3rd an	"Cosy and comfortable studio located in the heart of the ""Marais"", and its streets international renowned both for its history and for its shopping. Ideal for a getaway weekend as a couple in the city of light. A functional and comfortable studio in the heart of “Le Marais”, the neighborhood of Paris, the most Trendy and Fashion located in a nice quiet and tree-lined street . Ideal for a small romantic getaway weekend in the most beautiful city in the world.  You will quickly feel like a true Parisian in its nest. Ideally located in the heart of Paris within walking distance of major historical places in Paris (Place des Vosges , Place de la Bastille , Place de la République etc ...) this apartment has a comfortable living room with a sofa-bed for 2 people. A small kitchen with fridge, coffee machine, toaster , kettle etc ... The bathroom has a new shower , sink and toilet. You will also have at your disposal everything you need to stay connected with the world, free wireless internet a"
17921	35 M² Only for 2 persons. Ground Floor. Very quite. Final cleaning include in the price.  King size bed 180x200 Fresh sheets, towels, soap, wireless internet …almost everything you need is provided. All that you have to do is relax and plan what to do during your stay in Paris.	35 M² Only for 2 persons. Ground Floor. Very quite. Final cleaning include in the price.  King size bed 180x200 Fresh sheets, towels, soap, wireless internet …almost everything you need is provided. All that you have to do is relax and plan what to do during your stay in Paris. No party.  No pets.  Non smoking.
17922	Lovely large bedroom (22 square meters),  with an amazing view throw 2 large windows ! Located in our apartment in a 19th century building (with elevator) in the very heart of the Marais. Incredibly beautiful and lively neighborhood !  1 or 2 very comfortable single beds (90/190 cm)  Nice furniture , carefully decorated room 	Lovely large sunny bedroom for 1 or 2 person (22 sq meters) ,  in a very nice apartement, typically parisian, in the very heart of Paris (Marais).  Amazing view  Shared bathroom with the family Access to kitchen fo breakfast Lovely large bedroom (22 square meters),  with an amazing view throw 2 large windows ! Located in our apartment in a 19th century building (with elevator) in the very heart of the Marais. Incredibly beautiful and lively neighborhood !  1 or 2 very comfortable single beds (90/190 cm)  Nice furniture , carefully decorated room Our guests have access to  the  bathroom  : two wash basins, a bath tub with shower. They can use the kitchen for the breakfast. We enjoy very much interacting with our guests, giving advices on what to do in Paris and having a drink together.   We have lots of Paris guides at your disposal !  The neighborhood is very beautiful! It’s very lively, with a lot of restaurants, and bars that we could recommend.  There are a lot of museums in the nei
17923		Nice and luminous bedroom at only 50 meters from Beaubourg, 10 minutes by walk from the Seine and 20 minutes from the Louvres. Close to nice bars and restaurants. 12m2 bedroom and 4m clearance. Access to the bathroom and fully equipated kitchen
17924		Charming room with a double bed in a calm street of Le Marais, ideally located in the heart of Paris and in walking distance from many places such as Place des Vosges. Don't hesitate ton contact me if you have any question :) 200m from Metro 8 - Saint-Sébastien Froissart 500m from Metro 5 - Richard Lenoir 800m from Metro 1 - Saint Paul 800m from Metro 9 - Saint Ambroise Bus: 20, 65, 96 (less than 2 min)
17925	What I'm renting is a cosy mezzanin in the apartment I'm living in, so we will be sharing the bathroom, the kitchen and the living room (I'm staying in another private room). If you are interested in a bigger room , check my other posts, it can be possible according to the dates!  some other (japan ...). 	             English speaking guy rents a quiet room for 1 person. Excellent for work/studies, with  wi-fi. Here you will have the assurance of staying in a safe, nice, central neighborhood I really like to cook, and can make you french specialties !     What I'm renting is a cosy mezzanin in the apartment I'm living in, so we will be sharing the bathroom, the kitchen and the living room (I'm staying in another private room). If you are interested in a bigger room , check my other posts, it can be possible according to the dates!  some other (japan ...). The flat is located in The Marais, the oldest and most charming part of Paris. Situated on rue Volta, the flat is near a lot of cool, arty cafés and restaurants. Rue Volta is a historic street with the 2nd oldest house in Paris! The breakfast is included, i provide clean sheets and towels. Other good points: WIFI and calls to landlines in most european, south american and USA locations as well as  VERY central LE marais near notre dame
17926	2 people on request	Duplex 26 m² with 2 bedrooms, bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, microwave, wifi and tv. At 150 meters from the Metro, next to the Pompidou Centre and the Notre Dame Cathedral, located in the most beautiful area of Paris. Shops nearby. 2 people on request Subway lines: 1-3-11-4
17927	En plein centre de Paris , à deux pas de centre Pompidou  et de la seine ce magnifique  appartement entièrement refait a neuf  situé au dernier  étage  d' un bel immeuble avec ascenseur ,composé d'un  chambre parentale , une chambre avec quatre lits simples  , le  salon avec un canapé lit  , une très  cuisine américaine entièrement équipée (lave vaisselle lave linge ...)  , salle de bain design avec une belle douche ,  et wc séparés .Etat neuf  This beautifully apartment is located on a Beaubourg street, on the 2nd floor (with elevator) of a traditional Parisian building. This accommodation harmoniously blends in contemporary furnishings with old centennial beams and traditional tiled floors. The lobby of the apartment leads onto a super cozy living room with a superb sofa bed (sleeps 2, 140cm wide) and a table where you can have the meals that you can prepare in the adjacent kitchen. Modern comfort is also at hand: flat screen TV and wireless Internet access are available. The bedroom	    very nice apartment in the center of Paris quiet and very confortable  En plein centre de Paris , à deux pas de centre Pompidou ce superbe appartement entièrement refait à neuf  situé au 4 me étage d' un bel immeuble avec ascenseur              En plein centre de Paris , à deux pas de centre Pompidou  et de la seine ce magnifique  appartement entièrement refait a neuf  situé au dernier  étage  d' un bel immeuble avec ascenseur ,composé d'un  chambre parentale , une chambre avec quatre lits simples  , le  salon avec un canapé lit  , une très  cuisine américaine entièrement équipée (lave vaisselle lave linge ...)  , salle de bain design avec une belle douche ,  et wc séparés .Etat neuf  This beautifully apartment is located on a Beaubourg street, on the 2nd floor (with elevator) of a traditional Parisian building. This accommodation harmoniously blends in contemporary furnishings with old centennial beams and traditional tiled floors. The lobby of the apartment leads onto a super coz
17928	Dans immeuble de 1625, beau 2 pièces, 38m2, poutres, parquet chêne: salon sur rue piétonne avec canapé lit très confortable (couchage 2 personnes), cuisine américaine équipée, chambre sur cour (très calme) avec lit King size, séparée du séjour par une porte. Salle d'eau avec douche, couloir avec buanderie (machine à laver et sèche linge). Porte blindée, double sécurité d'accès par deux digicodes.	Au centre de Paris, dans le quartier historique du Marais, appartement de charme dans un ancien immeuble avec bel escalier en chêne. A 10 minutes à pieds du Centre Pompidou et des Halles, coeur commercial du Vieux Paris. Dans immeuble de 1625, beau 2 pièces, 38m2, poutres, parquet chêne: salon sur rue piétonne avec canapé lit très confortable (couchage 2 personnes), cuisine américaine équipée, chambre sur cour (très calme) avec lit King size, séparée du séjour par une porte. Salle d'eau avec douche, couloir avec buanderie (machine à laver et sèche linge). Porte blindée, double sécurité d'accès par deux digicodes. Métro à 50 mètres, bus à 2mn, Gare de Lyon à quelques arrêts de métro, autres gares reliées par le métro. L'appartement est tout proche du quartier des Halles, avec ses nombreuses boutiques et restaurant à tous les prix et pour tous les goûts. A proximité, le Marché des Enfants Rouges, la plus vieille maison de Paris (rue Volta) et tout le charme du Marais. Je suis disponible 
17929	Cet appartement est un souplex au rez de chaussée d'un petit immeuble calme.Le lit 2 personnes est en mezzanine et il y a possibilité de couchage pour 2 voyageurs supplémentaires dans un confortable canapé-lit. En sous-sol se trouvent la cuisine équipée, la salle de bain ainsi que le coin salle à manger. This flat is a souplex at the ground floor of a small and quiet building. Up is the seating and sleeping area, down the kitchen, bathroom and dining room.	"le logement de caractère est situé en plein coeur de Paris, dans le quartier historique du Marais ; très bien desservi,  à 1 mn du métro et bus ""Arts et métiers"" et à 400m de Beaubourg. Cet appartement est un souplex au rez de chaussée d'un petit immeuble calme.Le lit 2 personnes est en mezzanine et il y a possibilité de couchage pour 2 voyageurs supplémentaires dans un confortable canapé-lit. En sous-sol se trouvent la cuisine équipée, la salle de bain ainsi que le coin salle à manger. This flat is a souplex at the ground floor of a small and quiet building. Up is the seating and sleeping area, down the kitchen, bathroom and dining room. Le logement est indépendant, situé au rez de chaussée d'un immeuble, dans une rue calme. L'entrée est parfaitement sécurisée. This flat of 28 m2 is situated in a central area, in the heart of Paris, in a small, calm and old street. You (email hidden) by foot from the Métro ""filles du calvaire"" and 1mn  from ""arts et métiers"" - 5 mn from République, an"
17930	note: photos have now been updated to reflect changes in apartment layout. Our very convenient, sunny, and bright apartment is located rue de Sévigné (all shops) very nearby from the metro stop Saint Paul. Located east at the 4 th floor (no lift) our apartment gets a fabulous view over rue de Sevigne and Saint Paul and Paris architecture. The surface area of our apartment is 30 sqm, 323 sqf. It has been recently refurbished with double glazing and wooden floors. It can accommodate up to 3 people, but ideally it would best suit  2 adults and 1 child. In a large and sunny open room that looks out on the beautiful view of Rue de Sévigné. There is an double bed that sleeps two (another single mattress can be arranged for the 3rd person, but must be requested before arrival).  The kitchen is fitted with a washing machine, dishwasher, top induction stove, oven and microwave oven.  The bathroom has a very comfortable bath, a sink and there is a separate WC with a toilet and sink as well. Spac	note: photos have now been updated to reflect changes in apartment layout. Our very convenient, sunny, and bright apartment is located rue de Sévigné (all shops) very nearby from the metro stop Saint Paul. Located east at the 4 th floor (no lift) our apartment gets a fabulous view over rue de Sevigne and Saint Paul and Paris architecture. The surface area of our apartment is 30 sqm, 323 sqf. It has been recently refurbished with double glazing and wooden floors. It can accommodate up to 3 people, but ideally it would best suit  2 adults and 1 child. In a large and sunny open room that looks out on the beautiful view of Rue de Sévigné. There is an double bed that sleeps two (another single mattress can be arranged for the 3rd person, but must be requested before arrival).  The kitchen is fitted with a washing machine, dishwasher, top induction stove, oven and microwave oven.  The bathroom has a very comfortable bath, a sink and there is a separate WC with a toilet and sink as well. Spac
17931	The room is located in the Marais district of Paris, right next to the Centre Georges Pompidou. The flat is located on the 2nd floor with elevator for the easy use of all types.	Trendy and central flat in the trendiest area of Paris !  1 big room (double bed, hanger provided)  Big living room with a nice fireplace, wooden floor and mouldings  Free Wifi , TV, washing machine, sheets and towels, fully equipped kitchen The room is located in the Marais district of Paris, right next to the Centre Georges Pompidou. The flat is located on the 2nd floor with elevator for the easy use of all types. As for Châtelet (Restaurants, cafés..) and Marais (Pompidou center), they are just across the street ! Otherwise you can always take the subway, it's a 30-second walk (lines : 1,4,7,11 and 14, RER A, B, D) We are pleased to welcome people from anywhere The area well located as it is very central downtown and close to many sight seeing like Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame and shopping area, Les Halles and Rivoli street. The neighborhood is surrounded by corner shops and convenient stores. Both Les Halles and Rivoli Street have shopping areas. The Centre Georges Pompidou usually e
17932	il s'agit d'un très grand appartement haussmannien de 140m2 dans le Marais.  c'est une colocation de 4 personnes entre 23 et 30 ans.  Par contre l'été l'appartement sera relativement vide.. La chambre est très spacieuse et lumineuse.  La cuisine est entièrement équipée four, lave vaisselle, micro ondes, machine à café, grille pain ainsi qu'une mini plante carnivore. Vous aurez à votre disposition un étage de libre dans notre grand frigo ainsi que dans nos placards. Il y a aussi une machine à laver et un sèche linge à votre disposition.  la rue Barbette est très calme et le dimanche, une grande partie du quartier est piéton.	bienvenue !  je mets à disposition une grande chambre d'à peu près 30m2 dans une colocation dans le quartier historique du Marais (75003) en plein centre de Paris .. la chambre est isolée dans l'appartement et elle donne sur une rue très calme. il s'agit d'un très grand appartement haussmannien de 140m2 dans le Marais.  c'est une colocation de 4 personnes entre 23 et 30 ans.  Par contre l'été l'appartement sera relativement vide.. La chambre est très spacieuse et lumineuse.  La cuisine est entièrement équipée four, lave vaisselle, micro ondes, machine à café, grille pain ainsi qu'une mini plante carnivore. Vous aurez à votre disposition un étage de libre dans notre grand frigo ainsi que dans nos placards. Il y a aussi une machine à laver et un sèche linge à votre disposition.  la rue Barbette est très calme et le dimanche, une grande partie du quartier est piéton. Situé en plein coeur du Marais dans le 3eme arrondissement, vous serez à deux pas du centre Pompidou. Le quartier regorge d
17933	Great appartment : high ceiling, fully furnished, very calm, ...	Very nice appartment, well located in le Marais.  You will enjoy the high ceiling, and the calm of the location. The room is bright and the appartment fully furnished. Ideal for few days in Paris. Great appartment : high ceiling, fully furnished, very calm, ... I am available for any questions :) Great district very central, and near many shops, bakeries, ... The main metro station Republique is 5 minutes by walk from the apartment. Lines : 3, 5, 8, 9. There is also teh station Arts et Métiers (line 11) and Réaumur Sébastopol (line 4).
17934	Vous êtes à la recherche d'un lieu chaleureux et central qui vous permette de vous sentir comme à la maison tout en profitant du charme Parisien... alors vous êtes à la bonne adresse! Au cœur du vieux Paris dans le quartier historique du marais joli petit appartement. L'appartement : Studio calme et confortable de 28m² situé au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur) dans un immeuble historique avec digicode - 3ème arrondissement de Paris. Le studio est équipé :  - d’un lit double très confortable (160 x 200 cm) - d’une cuisine avec évier, 2 plaques électriques, frigidaire, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement. - d’un coin salon avec canapé, table basse, chaine Hifi  - d’une salle de bain équipée d’une baignoire qui peut être utilisée comme une douche. Toilettes, lave-linge, sèche cheveux. Très soigneux, j'accorde une grande importance à la propreté et au confort de mes invités. Des draps et des serviettes propres sont fournis. 	Appartement Proche Du Marias/Notre Dame Studio, salle de bain avec baignoire, cuisine bien équipé 2 personnes, 28 m² 2ème étage, tout équipé (Internet avec Wifi, machine à laver...) Bienvenue Vous êtes à la recherche d'un lieu chaleureux et central qui vous permette de vous sentir comme à la maison tout en profitant du charme Parisien... alors vous êtes à la bonne adresse! Au cœur du vieux Paris dans le quartier historique du marais joli petit appartement. L'appartement : Studio calme et confortable de 28m² situé au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur) dans un immeuble historique avec digicode - 3ème arrondissement de Paris. Le studio est équipé :  - d’un lit double très confortable (160 x 200 cm) - d’une cuisine avec évier, 2 plaques électriques, frigidaire, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement. - d’un coin salon avec canapé, table basse, chaine Hifi  - d’une salle de bain équipée d’une baignoire qui peut être utilisée comme une douche. Toilettes, 
17935		Métro Saint Sébastien Froissart, joli studio de 22m2 très lumineux, au 3ème étage d'un immeuble sur cour. Très bon canapé-lit, machine à laver, salle de bain avec baignoire, commerces et restaurants à proximité.
17936	The apartment is on the ground floor of the building, adjacent to an interior patio. It has been remodelled in 2014 and has vintage furniture, carefully chosen so the elegance and the atmosphere would stand out.	There is nothing better than to live like a Parisian in one of the most attractive neighbourhood of the capital. This apartment was designed for two but can accommodate two more people thanks to the sofa-bed you will find in the living room. The apartment is on the ground floor of the building, adjacent to an interior patio. It has been remodelled in 2014 and has vintage furniture, carefully chosen so the elegance and the atmosphere would stand out. Layout: Living room Dining area Mezzanine bedroom Open-plan kitchen with bar Refrigerator Freezer Dishwasher Ceramic hobs Microwave “Nespresso” coffeemachine Traditional coffeemaker Kettle Toaster Mixer Food processor 160x200 cm bed in bedroom  The large modern bathroom has a tub, a washbasin, and a toilet Professional cleaning services before and after the stay I will be there for your check in. Always available during your stay. We finally will met for your check out at the end of your stay. The apartment is located in the heart of the Ma
17937	This one-bedroom enjoys a prime central location in a lively and charming street of the historic Marais district. Despite the buzz and energy of the area, the apartment itself is restful and quiet, thanks to a courtyard orientation. This one-bedroom apartment is youthful, fresh and modern. The open kitchen is both attractive and practical. The bathroom has a shower cabin and a stylish wash basin placed on a teak support. The living room is bright and quiet. The wall-mounted flat-screen TV has cable and the sofa is deep and comfortable, welcoming you after a day out exploring. The bedroom is also very quiet, ensuring you sleep well. The bathroom has a large shower cabinet, wash basin, towel heating rails. Lavatory is in a separate room. Towels provided. The apartment is on the fourth floor with elevator in a charming Parisian building. How wonderful having such a relaxing Paris home in such a buzzing and energetic location. Right in the geographic centre of Paris, this apartment is the 	This one-bedroom enjoys a prime central location in a lively and charming street of the historic Marais district. Despite the buzz and energy of the area, the apartment itself is restful and quiet, thanks to a courtyard orientation. This one-bedroom apartment is youthful, fresh and modern. The open kitchen is both attractive and practical. The bathroom has a shower cabin and a stylish wash basin placed on a teak support. The living room is bright and quiet. The wall-mounted flat-screen TV has cable and the sofa is deep and comfortable, welcoming you after a day out exploring. The bedroom is also very quiet, ensuring you sleep well. The bathroom has a large shower cabinet, wash basin, towel heating rails. Lavatory is in a separate room. Towels provided. The apartment is on the fourth floor with elevator in a charming Parisian building. How wonderful having such a relaxing Paris home in such a buzzing and energetic location. Right in the geographic centre of Paris, this apartment is the 
17938	Ideal for family (fully furnished for children) Beds available for 6 people   The apartment is located at the 3rd floor (with lift) of an haussmannien building, in the pleasant district of Le Marais, center of Paris, with many good shops, museums, galleries and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: -Beaubourg : 150 mètres - Notre Dame de Paris : 400 mètres - Place des Vosges : 600 mètres -  Le Louvre : 800m mètres - Les champs Elysées 20 minutes (métro) - Tour Eiffel : 20 minutes (métro) - Montmartre : 20 minutes (métro) And many more! It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay:  2 separate bedrooms, 2 separate bathrooms, 2 water closets and a fully equipped kitchen. Living-room  LCD TV (38”) 200 channels available, Internet access (Wi Fi) Kitchen: washer, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, microwave oven, toaster, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar) Bedroom 1: King-size bed (200*200), dres	Ideal for family (fully furnished for children) Beds available for 6 people   The apartment is located at the 3rd floor (with lift) of an haussmannien building, in the pleasant district of Le Marais, center of Paris, with many good shops, museums, galleries and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: -Beaubourg : 150 mètres - Notre Dame de Paris : 400 mètres - Place des Vosges : 600 mètres -  Le Louvre : 800m mètres - Les champs Elysées 20 minutes (métro) - Tour Eiffel : 20 minutes (métro) - Montmartre : 20 minutes (métro) And many more! It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay:  2 separate bedrooms, 2 separate bathrooms, 2 water closets and a fully equipped kitchen. Living-room  LCD TV (38”) 200 channels available, Internet access (Wi Fi) Kitchen: washer, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, microwave oven, toaster, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar) Bedroom 1: King-size bed (200*200), dres
17939	A first class designer dedicated 6 months of hard work to upgrade this 64 sq meter apartment, so that you feel really comfortable in a cozy and trendy home. This typical Parisian accommodation of 681 square feet ( 64 m2 ) with its private terrace 37 square feet ( 3 m2) is located on Porte Saint Martin at the border between the 3rd and 10th arrondissement. This vacation rental will charm you with its parquet floors. Very well equipped, the apartment includes 2 flat screen TVs with cable and 2 DVD-players, music equipment, internet, Wi-Fi access, and a completely equipped kitchen for you not to miss anything during your stay in Paris. Ideal for 2 people, it can accommodate up to 4 people. In the accommodation, there is a room with a double bed of 190 x 140 cm, and 1 double sofa-bed (200 x 170 cm) in the living room. The area is very quiet and safe. Our manager will greet you on your arrival; he will familiarize you with the appliances, which include clothes washer and dryer, refrigerator	A first class designer dedicated 6 months of hard work to upgrade this 64 sq meter apartment, so that you feel really comfortable in a cozy and trendy home. This typical Parisian accommodation of 681 square feet ( 64 m2 ) with its private terrace 37 square feet ( 3 m2) is located on Porte Saint Martin at the border between the 3rd and 10th arrondissement. This vacation rental will charm you with its parquet floors. Very well equipped, the apartment includes 2 flat screen TVs with cable and 2 DVD-players, music equipment, internet, Wi-Fi access, and a completely equipped kitchen for you not to miss anything during your stay in Paris. Ideal for 2 people, it can accommodate up to 4 people. In the accommodation, there is a room with a double bed of 190 x 140 cm, and 1 double sofa-bed (200 x 170 cm) in the living room. The area is very quiet and safe. Our manager will greet you on your arrival; he will familiarize you with the appliances, which include clothes washer and dryer, refrigerator
17940	"Just steps away from the Place des Vosges, this large sun-filled one bedroom apartment sits in the heart of the Marais. This is the perfect Parisian vacation location for a couple or a family of four. Central and safe, this apartment is also close to the Rue des Francs Bourgeois, where you’ll find everything you need for a short or extended stay: designer shops, excellent restaurants, cafes and supermarkets, and some of the world’s premier museums and historical sites. It is located 2 minutes away from the subway station ""Saint-Paul Le Marais"" giving access to the most touristic places in Paris. The apartment was entirely renovated in 2008. Protected well above its thriving and historic surroundings, this exquisite fourth floor apartment is peaceful, comfortable and spacious. Practical and aesthetic, the modern kitchen boasts new appliances. The spacious living room is comfortable and well furnished. The bedroom – almost as roomy as the living room – boasts fantastic rooftop views of h"	"Center of Paris Beautiful architecture Close to museums, shops and restaurants Just steps away from the Place des Vosges, this large sun-filled one bedroom apartment sits in the heart of the Marais. This is the perfect Parisian vacation location for a couple or a family of four. Central and safe, this apartment is also close to the Rue des Francs Bourgeois, where you’ll find everything you need for a short or extended stay: designer shops, excellent restaurants, cafes and supermarkets, and some of the world’s premier museums and historical sites. It is located 2 minutes away from the subway station ""Saint-Paul Le Marais"" giving access to the most touristic places in Paris. The apartment was entirely renovated in 2008. Protected well above its thriving and historic surroundings, this exquisite fourth floor apartment is peaceful, comfortable and spacious. Practical and aesthetic, the modern kitchen boasts new appliances. The spacious living room is comfortable and well furnished. The bed"
17941		I propose a confortable private room (18 square feet) near Beaubourg. 
17942	Central, quiet, but in a decidedly vibrant neighborhood. The spotless apartment has one living room,a bedroom, and a small kitchen.  The situation of the apartment minimizes all travel times to and from most destinations in Paris. The neighborhood itself is a destination much frequented.	Small comfortable 1 bedroom apt, with kitchen, and shower on the 6th floor. Wifi internet, sadly no TV.  In the North Marais neighborhood. Strictly non-smoking. 5-min walk to République station. Central, quiet, but in a decidedly vibrant neighborhood. The spotless apartment has one living room,a bedroom, and a small kitchen.  The situation of the apartment minimizes all travel times to and from most destinations in Paris. The neighborhood itself is a destination much frequented. High-speed WiFi, microwave, oven, fridge, and a washing machine! Wouldn't want to get in your way of enjoying this magnificent city, so pretty minimal! The Marais contains what most fashionable magazines' articles write about, food, drink, fashion, and museums, The République area, Canal St-Martin is close by (8mins), too, so is Oberkampf (8mins also). Oberkampf is quite a destination now for drinks. From wine tasting to local brewers, I sort of call it the beverage-mile myself.  20 yards from the Oberkampf met
17943	5th floor.  elevator.	Huge studio ( 44m2) located RUE BEAUBOURG in the heart of PARIS. I usually live here, when I am not in MEXICO or travelling everywhere. So you will find everything you need in this apartment,  I will let some space in the closet. Ready to enjoy?? 5th floor.  elevator.
17944	"Quiet and very cosy bed room in an 80m2 apartment located in the ""Marais"",  5 min walking distance from ""République"", 10 min from ""Beaubourg"", ""Canal saint Martin""and 15 min walking distance from ""Place des Vosges"". You will find the private room (14m2) with a comfortable double bed. In addition to that I let a free access to the following services : . An equipped and modern kitchen to cook your dishes if you want. . A bathroom with hair drier and a washing machine. . A large 30m2 living room. . high speed wifi access. Full package of clean sheets and towels supplied. In ""Place de la République"" you can find a large subway station ""République"" with line 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11. Any time i'm available to give you informations for transport, shopping, tourism, etc... gay friendly My home is your home !"	"Quiet and very cosy bed room in an 80m2 apartment located in the ""Marais"",  5 min walking distance from ""République"", 10 min from ""Beaubourg"", ""Canal saint Martin""and 15 min walking distance from ""Place des Vosges"". You will find the private room (14m2) with a comfortable double bed. In addition to that I let a free access to the following services : . An equipped and modern kitchen to cook your dishes if you want. . A bathroom with hair drier and a washing machine. . A large 30m2 living room. . high speed wifi access. Full package of clean sheets and towels supplied. In ""Place de la République"" you can find a large subway station ""République"" with line 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11. Any time i'm available to give you informations for transport, shopping, tourism, etc... gay friendly My home is your home !"
17945	"Here you will stay in a peaceful haven just few steps from the animation of the Place des Vosges, luxurious shops of the Rue des Francs-Bourgeois and cultural riches of the Marais (Victor Hugo's house, Carnavalet museum, Picasso museum .. .).  Close to subway lines 8, 5 and 1, you can move easily in all areas of Paris. Orly airport is only 40 minutes, Roissy-Charles de Gaulle 50 minutes by public transport. Located at the 3rd floor of a luxury building in stone, with elevator and digicode, this apartment offers a fantastic view of a very quiet private garden which is a rare privilege in the heart of the ""historic Paris"".  Arranged as an open space, it is a perfect spot for 2 people.  The modern kitchen is fully equipped. It opens onto the dining room and the very bright lounge furnished in Louis XVI style. The bedroom area is comfortable ; bathroom with tub; separate WC.  Equipment:  -Kitchen: Induction hob, multi-fonction oven /microwave, fridge-freezer, dishwasher,  coffee machine,  "	"Here you will stay in a peaceful haven just few steps from the animation of the Place des Vosges, luxurious shops of the Rue des Francs-Bourgeois and cultural riches of the Marais (Victor Hugo's house, Carnavalet museum, Picasso museum .. .).  Close to subway lines 8, 5 and 1, you can move easily in all areas of Paris. Orly airport is only 40 minutes, Roissy-Charles de Gaulle 50 minutes by public transport. Located at the 3rd floor of a luxury building in stone, with elevator and digicode, this apartment offers a fantastic view of a very quiet private garden which is a rare privilege in the heart of the ""historic Paris"".  Arranged as an open space, it is a perfect spot for 2 people.  The modern kitchen is fully equipped. It opens onto the dining room and the very bright lounge furnished in Louis XVI style. The bedroom area is comfortable ; bathroom with tub; separate WC.  Equipment:  -Kitchen: Induction hob, multi-fonction oven /microwave, fridge-freezer, dishwasher,  coffee machine,  "
17946	L'emplacement très central Dans un quartier historique Appartement caractéristique du Marais	       25 square meters flat with kitchen, small bathroom and toilet. bed for two persons. Métro Rambuteau (ligne 11) sortie Grenier Saint-Lazare Métro Arts et Métiers (ligne 3)  Métro Etienne Marcel (ligne 4)  Les Halles sortie rue Rambuteau (RER A, B) Proche de Beaubourg, de l'Hôtel de ville, du quartier du Marais, des Halles, de la place de la République, le quartier Latin, les quais de Seine, l'île de la Cité.
17947	The building is contemporary from 1970 and offers classical Parisian architecture. The two building doors have locks, both code and magnet, that ensure perfect security.  Apartment is spacious at 75 m2 and bright. The living room has a great view of Parisian rooftops. The dining table sits 6 people and the sofa allows you to comfortably watch CNN or other TV, or phone back home with 24/7 free calls to North America, Australia, etc. or simply enjoy a glass of French wine with pâté et saucisson. Blen sûr! The bedrooms all have double size beds, and large closets. The third bedroom offers double and single bed for the 7th guest. The bathroom is large, with a full tub/shower. The WC is in separate room for easy access for all. 	This comfortable apartment sleeps up to 7 people, with 3 bedrooms, living room, kitchen and bathroom. Located in the 3rd district in the center of Paris, it is close to all the transports; metro, RER (fast train to Airport) and bus. The building is contemporary from 1970 and offers classical Parisian architecture. The two building doors have locks, both code and magnet, that ensure perfect security.  Apartment is spacious at 75 m2 and bright. The living room has a great view of Parisian rooftops. The dining table sits 6 people and the sofa allows you to comfortably watch CNN or other TV, or phone back home with 24/7 free calls to North America, Australia, etc. or simply enjoy a glass of French wine with pâté et saucisson. Blen sûr! The bedrooms all have double size beds, and large closets. The third bedroom offers double and single bed for the 7th guest. The bathroom is large, with a full tub/shower. The WC is in separate room for easy access for all. 5th European floor with modern ele
17948	"Just renovated entire apartment on the first floor, located in the heart of lively hip Marais district. If you are looking for a place during the fashion week in Paris it's on e of the best neighborhoods to stay. Very central, comfortable and quiet. 10 min walking distance from Oberkampf, Bastille and Republique. 15 min walking distance from Georges Pompidou Art Center (Beaubourg).  The apartment is situated close to the Picasso Museum and the famous ""Place des Vosges"". It's a 20 minute walk from Notre Dame and the City Hall and 5 minute from the nicest places to have a drink and eat or hang out at night. The apartment consists of a bedroom with a full size bed (140x190cm, accommodates two), a living room, a mezzanine room with a full size bed (140x190cm, accommodates two), a futon bed upon request (for one person), a bathroom with hair drier and an equipped kitchen so you can cook at home. Large grocery store on the same block and supermarket one bloc further.  High speed ADSL Interne"	"Just renovated entire apartment on the first floor, located in the heart of lively hip Marais district. If you are looking for a place during the fashion week in Paris it's on e of the best neighborhoods to stay. Very central, comfortable and quiet. 10 min walking distance from Oberkampf, Bastille and Republique. 15 min walking distance from Georges Pompidou Art Center (Beaubourg).  The apartment is situated close to the Picasso Museum and the famous ""Place des Vosges"". It's a 20 minute walk from Notre Dame and the City Hall and 5 minute from the nicest places to have a drink and eat or hang out at night. The apartment consists of a bedroom with a full size bed (140x190cm, accommodates two), a living room, a mezzanine room with a full size bed (140x190cm, accommodates two), a futon bed upon request (for one person), a bathroom with hair drier and an equipped kitchen so you can cook at home. Large grocery store on the same block and supermarket one bloc further.  High speed ADSL Interne"
17949	Au coeur du Marais, 45 m² de charme, de calme... Tout confort, internet, ordinateur fourni, air conditionné, TV avec chaînes internationales, téléphone, cuisine équipée... linge de maison, serviettes...aucun frais annexes à prévoir!  5 lignes de Métro et tous commerces à proximité immédiates. 	Au coeur du Marais, 45 m² de charme, de calme... Tout confort, internet, ordinateur fourni, air conditionné, TV avec chaînes internationales, téléphone, cuisine équipée... linge de maison, serviettes...aucun frais annexes à prévoir!  5 lignes de Métro et tous commerces à proximité immédiates. 
17950	Studio calme et confortable situé au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur) dans immeuble historique avec digicode et interphone - 3ème arrondissement de Paris. Métro Fille du Calvaire (ligne 8) à 2 mn, Rambuteau (ligne 11) à 10 mn, Saint Paul ou Hotel de Ville (ligne 1) à 15 mn Stations Bus et Vélib à 1mn Le logement fait 25m² au sol + mezzanine de 5m² et comprend une grande fenêtre double vitrage avec balconnet sur rue. Le studio est équipé : - d’un lit double (140 x 190 cm) sur mezzanine - d’une cuisine avec évier, 2 plaques électriques, frigo, micro-onde, mini four, grille pain, cafetière Tassimo. La vaisselle est mise à votre (website hidden) avec 3 chaises. - d’un coin salon avec canapé, table basse, chaine Hifi et TV avec de nombreuses chaines françaises et internationales. - d’une salle de bain équipée d’une baignoire qui peut être utilisée comme une douche. Toilettes, lave-linge, sèche cheveux. Prix comprenant : draps, linge de toilette, charges eau & électricité et accès Wifi haut débit	Studio calme et confortable situé au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur) dans immeuble historique avec digicode et interphone - 3ème arrondissement de Paris. Métro Fille du Calvaire (ligne 8) à 2 mn, Rambuteau (ligne 11) à 10 mn, Saint Paul ou Hotel de Ville (ligne 1) à 15 mn Stations Bus et Vélib à 1mn Le logement fait 25m² au sol + mezzanine de 5m² et comprend une grande fenêtre double vitrage avec balconnet sur rue. Le studio est équipé : - d’un lit double (140 x 190 cm) sur mezzanine - d’une cuisine avec évier, 2 plaques électriques, frigo, micro-onde, mini four, grille pain, cafetière Tassimo. La vaisselle est mise à votre (website hidden) avec 3 chaises. - d’un coin salon avec canapé, table basse, chaine Hifi et TV avec de nombreuses chaines françaises et internationales. - d’une salle de bain équipée d’une baignoire qui peut être utilisée comme une douche. Toilettes, lave-linge, sèche cheveux. Prix comprenant : draps, linge de toilette, charges eau & électricité et accès Wifi haut débit
17951	Le logement se situe en plein centre du Paris dans le 3 ème arrondissement. Il est juste à coté du centre Pompidou, en face du quartier Marais, à 5 minutes à pied du musée de Picasso et Carnavalet, à 10 minutes de la cathédrale Notre-Dame, à 15 minutes du musée du Louvre et d'Orsay etc.      Autour du logement, il y a des beaux restaurants et c'est un quartier très sécurisé (en face du logement, il y a une grande préfecture de police)	Un joli appartement de 40 m2 avec une terrasse privée de 30 m2. Il se situe tout prés du centre Pompidou dans un quartier calme et sécurisé. Profitez de la cuisine équipée. Il dispose d'un matelas pour deux personnes et d'un canapé Le logement se situe en plein centre du Paris dans le 3 ème arrondissement. Il est juste à coté du centre Pompidou, en face du quartier Marais, à 5 minutes à pied du musée de Picasso et Carnavalet, à 10 minutes de la cathédrale Notre-Dame, à 15 minutes du musée du Louvre et d'Orsay etc.      Autour du logement, il y a des beaux restaurants et c'est un quartier très sécurisé (en face du logement, il y a une grande préfecture de police)
17952	Charming appartment, Haussmanien type, of 45m2, completely renovated and cleaned.  Rue du temple, inle Marais, at the heart of Paris (near a park, near the Rue de Bretagne, the Place de la République, Marché des enfants rouge)  Temple or Republique subway. Very luminous, no appartment in front, very beautiful views on Parisian streets and a church. 2 bedrooms, 4 places to sleep (1 double bed, 2 simple beds) Ideal for a family with 2 children. Kitchen, washing machine, tumble-dryer, bathroom, shower, separated toilets. Near many shops and transports (subway, bycicles...), a park, the Republique square, Carreau du Temple area 150€/night.	Charming appartment, Haussmanien type, of 45m2, completely renovated and cleaned.  Rue du temple, inle Marais, at the heart of Paris (near a park, near the Rue de Bretagne, the Place de la République, Marché des enfants rouge)  Temple or Republique subway. Very luminous, no appartment in front, very beautiful views on Parisian streets and a church. 2 bedrooms, 4 places to sleep (1 double bed, 2 simple beds) Ideal for a family with 2 children. Kitchen, washing machine, tumble-dryer, bathroom, shower, separated toilets. Near many shops and transports (subway, bycicles...), a park, the Republique square, Carreau du Temple area 150€/night.
17953	NEW - CENTRAL - DESIGN - TRENDY - BRIGHT ... Our apartment is a large 31 sqm (335 sqft) studio located in North Marais (NoMa), in the protected and historical Temple area, which has lately become one of the trendiest places for Parisians, around Carreau du Temple, rue de Bretagne, Marché des Enfants Rouges, away from over-crowded south Marais and close to major subway connections. It is on the 1st floor (US 2nd) of a 4-floor (US 5) 18th century building (NO LIFT). It is oriented South and has 2 wide windows overlooking a large, almost pedestrian street, and a third large window on a side street. It has an open outlook and is very bright. The area is lively in the summer evenings due to the restaurants in the street, but there are no night bars or clubs. Visit our guide which we keep updated! The building exterior was refurbished in 2011 and the apartment itself was fully renovated by an architect in November 2011. The staircase was renovated a few years ago and shows signs of age but i	Large 31 sqm (335 sqft) studio located in North Marais (NoMa), in the protected and historical Temple area, which has lately become one of the trendiest places for Parisians, around Carreau du Temple, rue de Bretagne and Marché des Enfants Rouges. NEW - CENTRAL - DESIGN - TRENDY - BRIGHT ... Our apartment is a large 31 sqm (335 sqft) studio located in North Marais (NoMa), in the protected and historical Temple area, which has lately become one of the trendiest places for Parisians, around Carreau du Temple, rue de Bretagne, Marché des Enfants Rouges, away from over-crowded south Marais and close to major subway connections. It is on the 1st floor (US 2nd) of a 4-floor (US 5) 18th century building (NO LIFT). It is oriented South and has 2 wide windows overlooking a large, almost pedestrian street, and a third large window on a side street. It has an open outlook and is very bright. The area is lively in the summer evenings due to the restaurants in the street, but there are no night bar
17954		Studio de 22m² situé Paris 3ème, en plein cœur du Marais, à proximité du centre Georges pompidou.Dernier étages(5) sans ascenseur.Parfaitement desservi par les transports en commun parisiens (Arts et Metiers/M3,Rambuteau/M11). Je reste joignable sur mon numéro pour tout renseignements ou aides quelconque. Accessibilité et  facilité de déplacement à tout heure. Transports à proximité en bas de l'immeuble. 5eme étages sans ascenseur.
17955	It's on large room, with a great impression of space. There is all the equipment needed: -Tv with cable -Wifi -A Sofa, a bed and a sofa bed -A nice kitchen with a fridge, a microwave, oven -Shower, toiletts, waching machine	"It is a big studio of 32sqm all equiped and very clean One bed & one sofa/bed; shower, toiletts, tv 2mins from metro ""Reaumur-Sebastopol"" 3mins from metro ""Strasbourg-saint-denis"" 10mins walking from the very center of Paris (Beaubourg)          It's on large room, with a great impression of space. There is all the equipment needed: -Tv with cable -Wifi -A Sofa, a bed and a sofa bed -A nice kitchen with a fridge, a microwave, oven -Shower, toiletts, waching machine Everything expect my clothes :-) I am available to answer to any question you need, to give you some advice on what you can do in Paris, restaurants, bars, clubs... etc... It's one of the nicest neighborhood in Paris.  Close to : -The place of Republic -Paris Museum of Modern Art (Centre Georges Pompidou) - 10 mins walk -The Arts and Crafts conservatory - In front of my apartment  -Rue de Rivoli where you can do the best shopping in Paris - 10mins walk My flat is 3mins walk from two metro stations: -Metro Reaumur-Sebastopol "
17956	"**** PERFECT FOR WORK OR LEISURE TRAVELS **** The flat is 35m², very luminous, at the 5th floor of a modern building.  Two rooms (one bedroom with a bed for two and one living room with a sofa bed). Fully equiped (internet wifi, washing machine, shower, hair drier, breakfast, clean sheets and towels, TV...). The apartment can easily host until 4 people.  Very central in the heart of Paris and the historical area of Le Marais. The area is perfect and very vibrant. It's the perfect place for those who come for Fashion Weeks ! Many metro stations (Arts et Métiers, Filles du Calvaire, Saint-Sebastien Froissard, République...) and bus lines just around but you can do a lot of things just by walking. Only 5 minutes walking from ""Place des Vosges"", ""Republique"" and less than 10 minutes from ""Hotel de Ville"".   Lots of shops, cafés, restaurants, galleries, bars, places to go out (if you need some place to go out, just ask me and I will find the perfect place for you)  IDEAL LOCATION for all ty"	"**** PERFECT FOR WORK OR LEISURE TRAVELS **** The flat is 35m², very luminous, at the 5th floor of a modern building.  Two rooms (one bedroom with a bed for two and one living room with a sofa bed). Fully equiped (internet wifi, washing machine, shower, hair drier, breakfast, clean sheets and towels, TV...). The apartment can easily host until 4 people.  Very central in the heart of Paris and the historical area of Le Marais. The area is perfect and very vibrant. It's the perfect place for those who come for Fashion Weeks ! Many metro stations (Arts et Métiers, Filles du Calvaire, Saint-Sebastien Froissard, République...) and bus lines just around but you can do a lot of things just by walking. Only 5 minutes walking from ""Place des Vosges"", ""Republique"" and less than 10 minutes from ""Hotel de Ville"".   Lots of shops, cafés, restaurants, galleries, bars, places to go out (if you need some place to go out, just ask me and I will find the perfect place for you)  IDEAL LOCATION for all ty"
17957	The flat is located in one of the best quarter of Paris: le Marais, it has been modernly restored by an architect, and proposes a large living room with a bedroom (new bed and TV since Sept 2014), a kitchen and a bathroom. There is a comfortable sofa bed in the living room, so it can fits 4 persons. It is functional, luminous, quiet, fresh, with tile flooring and access to all facilities (reliable fast wifi, flat-screen TV 40 inches with english channels, dressing, sono, iron, washing machine, kitchen utensils, printer, hair dryer).   The kitchen is well-equipped and dining area in the main room is comfortable with a table that seats 4. The large windows in the living area open onto the street giving one a sense of truly feeling at home in Paris. 1 kitchen fully equipped with basics condiments for cooking 1 bathroom with large mirror and WC (Clean and recent towels and sheets are included) 1 bedroom with queen size bed. 1 large living room with sofa bed comfortable queen size General d	This modern flat in the centre of Paris, proposes a large living room with a bedroom, a kitchen and a bathroom. It is functional, quiet, fresh, with access to all facilities (wifi, TV with english channel, dressing, sono...).      The flat is located in one of the best quarter of Paris: le Marais, it has been modernly restored by an architect, and proposes a large living room with a bedroom (new bed and TV since Sept 2014), a kitchen and a bathroom. There is a comfortable sofa bed in the living room, so it can fits 4 persons. It is functional, luminous, quiet, fresh, with tile flooring and access to all facilities (reliable fast wifi, flat-screen TV 40 inches with english channels, dressing, sono, iron, washing machine, kitchen utensils, printer, hair dryer).   The kitchen is well-equipped and dining area in the main room is comfortable with a table that seats 4. The large windows in the living area open onto the street giving one a sense of truly feeling at home in Paris. 1 kitchen fu
17958	Ideal for couples or 2 people travelling together. 3 people maximum allowed. THE BUILDING The building is typical of the Marais and dates back from the end of the 17th Century. It is well kept. THE APARTMENT Located at the 3rd floor with no elevator, the apartment is an oasis of calm in the city and is also bright (the sitting room is facing South with clear views).  - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, microwave oven, refrigerator with integrated freezer; and also everything you need to cook and eat (dishes, pots, cups and glasses). - Sitting room with Futon-style sofa (serves as second bed) and a dining table for 4. High-speed Wi-Fi included. - Bathroom with shower, hair dryer, WC. - Very quiet bedroom with bed for 2. In the bedroom, there is a copy of a famous Gustave Courbet painting (the original of which is at the Musée d’Orsay) underneath a red cloth. Try to guess which one it is and have the surprise to see the answer underneath the red cloth…! CULTURE Around the flat (10 minutes 	This typical apartment of the Marais is ideally located to visit the Marais and the famous Marché des Enfants Rouges, Rue de Bretagne, art galleries nearby and the clothes and other shops. With original wooden beams and open kitchen, the apartment is Ideal for couples or 2 people travelling together. 3 people maximum allowed. THE BUILDING The building is typical of the Marais and dates back from the end of the 17th Century. It is well kept. THE APARTMENT Located at the 3rd floor with no elevator, the apartment is an oasis of calm in the city and is also bright (the sitting room is facing South with clear views).  - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, microwave oven, refrigerator with integrated freezer; and also everything you need to cook and eat (dishes, pots, cups and glasses). - Sitting room with Futon-style sofa (serves as second bed) and a dining table for 4. High-speed Wi-Fi included. - Bathroom with shower, hair dryer, WC. - Very quiet bedroom with bed for 2. In the bedroom, there 
17959	Entirely renovated studio, fully equipped, located seconds away from Beaubourg center, at Arts-et-Metiers station. You can choose, within a five minutes distance, between the Museum of Modern Art, the Marais with the beautiful lively rue de Bretagne, the best of Republique with the Market of Carreau du Temple and if you walk another five minutes, you reach Notre-Dame (you can see the towers of the Cathedral from the street !). Located (email hidden)ly neighborhood, the apartment is ideal to visit Paris with your loved ones.  Great place for a genuine Parisian experience! 	In the heart of the very trendy Marais district. Excellent location. * On 28th of April, arrival possible only from 5PM onward * * Last minute booking welcomed (even very last minute!) * Answer to your messages within 1 hour * All inclusive approach Entirely renovated studio, fully equipped, located seconds away from Beaubourg center, at Arts-et-Metiers station. You can choose, within a five minutes distance, between the Museum of Modern Art, the Marais with the beautiful lively rue de Bretagne, the best of Republique with the Market of Carreau du Temple and if you walk another five minutes, you reach Notre-Dame (you can see the towers of the Cathedral from the street !). Located (email hidden)ly neighborhood, the apartment is ideal to visit Paris with your loved ones.  Great place for a genuine Parisian experience!   A main room with a comfortable sofa bed (brand new) and plenty of storage.  A fully equipped kitchen (microwave oven, dishes, cooking stuff) and a small dining table.  A 
17960	Calm and comfortable... Though in the very center of Paris, my studio is very peaceful because it is located in the inside court of the building.  In order to save space (30m2), I use a big and very comfortable sofa-bed (140cmx200cm) with an overlay mattress.	Welcome Home! I love my studio, and that's why I want to share it with you. You'll enjoy both a cosy and charming little nest in the heart of Paris' own Le Marais, the historic center of Paris. Calm and comfortable... Though in the very center of Paris, my studio is very peaceful because it is located in the inside court of the building.  In order to save space (30m2), I use a big and very comfortable sofa-bed (140cmx200cm) with an overlay mattress. Le Marais, you will love restaurants, shopping every day, even on Sunday, parks, enfants rouges market Metro Rambuteau, Arts et Métier, Hotel de Ville
17961	"1 bedroom tastefully renovated offering a large living room with well equipped open kitchen, sofa bed that can sleeps 2, large flat screen with internet / wifi connection. 2 large windows overlook a quiet courtyard. The bedroom has a double bed, cupboards , wardrobe is in the hallway that leads to the bathroom which offers a shower cabin and toilet. Recently renovated, restful color, wooden floors and quality furniture ... the perfect ""pied a terre"""	"1 bedroom tastefully renovated and equipped between République / Canal St Martin and top Marais / Rue de Bretagne . An undeniable charm, perfect functionality and a great location in the heart of lively areas, close to all transportation. 1 bedroom tastefully renovated offering a large living room with well equipped open kitchen, sofa bed that can sleeps 2, large flat screen with internet / wifi connection. 2 large windows overlook a quiet courtyard. The bedroom has a double bed, cupboards , wardrobe is in the hallway that leads to the bathroom which offers a shower cabin and toilet. Recently renovated, restful color, wooden floors and quality furniture ... the perfect ""pied a terre"" The apartment is close to the Marais, toward republique and canal st martin. Marais is one of the most delicious district in Paris. Those two areas offers all the comforts for a suitable journey in the heart of the capital. In fact the neighborhood includes three central areas of exclusive interest, such a"
17962	L'appartement est constitué de deux chambres de bonnes réunies pour un total de 18 m². Il est petit mais très bien agencé, il fera un point de départ idéal pour vos ballades dans la capitale. Nous occupons cet appartement au quotidien, il est donc très propre et chaleureusement décoré. Accès au logement en entier. L'appartement est situé en plein coeur de Paris dans le marais qui est un quartier charmant et plein de vie comptant de nombreux bars, restaurants et commerces de proximité . La rue dans laquelle se situe l'appartement comporte des habitations, des galeries d'art et des cafés. L'appartement est desservi par de nombreux transports en commun. Métro 3 et 11 sont à 3 minutes à pied, le bus est dans la rue d'à côté et enfin la grande station Chatelet-les-Halles (RER A B D) est à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Il y a également des stations de Vélib et d'Autolib à proximité. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec notamment un lave-vaisselle et un four micro-onde. Le lit de l'apparteme	L'appartement est constitué de deux chambres de bonnes réunies pour un total de 18 m². Il est petit mais très bien agencé, il fera un point de départ idéal pour vos ballades dans la capitale. Nous occupons cet appartement au quotidien, il est donc très propre et chaleureusement décoré. Accès au logement en entier. L'appartement est situé en plein coeur de Paris dans le marais qui est un quartier charmant et plein de vie comptant de nombreux bars, restaurants et commerces de proximité . La rue dans laquelle se situe l'appartement comporte des habitations, des galeries d'art et des cafés. L'appartement est desservi par de nombreux transports en commun. Métro 3 et 11 sont à 3 minutes à pied, le bus est dans la rue d'à côté et enfin la grande station Chatelet-les-Halles (RER A B D) est à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Il y a également des stations de Vélib et d'Autolib à proximité. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec notamment un lave-vaisselle et un four micro-onde. Le lit de l'apparteme
17963	Superb air-conditioned apartment in the best of the Marais, rue des Francs Bourgeois on the second floor (no elevator) 110m2 (1185 sq feet) with a large living room, fully equipped professional kitchen (microwave, oven, steam oven, wine cellar, American fridge, integrated Nespreso, dish washes, washing machine) 2 bedrooms (linen provided) in a quiet courtyard The masterbedroom has a bed of 160x200cm (king bed) brand new The other bedroom has two beds 90x190 cm Brand New Baby bed available A beautiful bathroom WITH WINDOW (towels provided) Ladies, of course there is A HAIRDRYER A very large shower (waterfall and Rainfall), Jacuzzi bathtub with chromotherapy feature. 2 toilets, one is separated iron and board provided...	Newly renovated apartment is Located In the heart of the historical Marais. The apartment is very comfortable and functional. 2 bedrooms are very quiet on courtyard Downstairs best designers and food Superb air-conditioned apartment in the best of the Marais, rue des Francs Bourgeois on the second floor (no elevator) 110m2 (1185 sq feet) with a large living room, fully equipped professional kitchen (microwave, oven, steam oven, wine cellar, American fridge, integrated Nespreso, dish washes, washing machine) 2 bedrooms (linen provided) in a quiet courtyard The masterbedroom has a bed of 160x200cm (king bed) brand new The other bedroom has two beds 90x190 cm Brand New Baby bed available A beautiful bathroom WITH WINDOW (towels provided) Ladies, of course there is A HAIRDRYER A very large shower (waterfall and Rainfall), Jacuzzi bathtub with chromotherapy feature. 2 toilets, one is separated iron and board provided... very high speed WIFI 3 TV's Linen and towels,  Iron and board Ladies of
17964	A nice 2 bedroom newly renovated apartment is located in rue de Montmorency set on the 1st floor, right in the heart of Paris, just few steps from the Centre Georges Pompidou and in the heart of the historical Marais Area very close to Art galleries, shopping, cafés and bakeries. This fully furnished, spacious 2 bedroom apartment has everything you need for your stay including all linen and towels, free Wifi, flat screen TV and most importantly a friendly welcome upon arrival to check you in and explain the apartment and a contact on hand nearby should you need. A fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine, dish washer, coffee machine, kettle, toaster and kitchen utensils) is also available. This 2 bedroom apartment is located on rue de Montmorency in the 3rd district of Paris on the 1st French floor via stairs. Open plan living room with fully equipped kitchen and a dining table for 4-5 people.  It can comfortable accommodate 5 people with a full size bed in both the bed	A nice 2 bedroom newly renovated apartment is located in rue de Montmorency set on the 1st floor, right in the heart of Paris, just few steps from the Centre Georges Pompidou and in the heart of the historical Marais Area. A nice 2 bedroom newly renovated apartment is located in rue de Montmorency set on the 1st floor, right in the heart of Paris, just few steps from the Centre Georges Pompidou and in the heart of the historical Marais Area very close to Art galleries, shopping, cafés and bakeries. This fully furnished, spacious 2 bedroom apartment has everything you need for your stay including all linen and towels, free Wifi, flat screen TV and most importantly a friendly welcome upon arrival to check you in and explain the apartment and a contact on hand nearby should you need. A fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine, dish washer, coffee machine, kettle, toaster and kitchen utensils) is also available. This 2 bedroom apartment is located on rue de Montmorency in t
17965		Our flat is ideally situated, very close to the historical centre (10 min from the charming « Marais » corner, 15 min walking  from Notre Dame cathedral) , in a calm streat and near all facilities (metro stations and buses, shops, monuments … )
17966	1 living room with kitchen open.  2 bedrooms with queen size beds 1 bathroom (shower) 1 WC separate The apartment has been renovated with taste. You will find everything you need to spend a family holiday or for business. Ironing board and iron are available. Sheets, towels are provided. It there's WIFI in very high speed. The apartment overlooks the street but is very quiet in the heart of a lively and safe neighborhood.	Beautiful 3 Bedroom fully in the Marais at the crossing Rue de Bretagne / rue de Turenne. Parisian district with its many cafes, restaurants, shops modes ... 1 living room with kitchen open.  2 bedrooms with queen size beds 1 bathroom (shower) 1 WC separate The apartment has been renovated with taste. You will find everything you need to spend a family holiday or for business. Ironing board and iron are available. Sheets, towels are provided. It there's WIFI in very high speed. The apartment overlooks the street but is very quiet in the heart of a lively and safe neighborhood. The guests have access to the whole apartment ! Nice neighborood, very parisian, in a great area : Le Marais
17967	2 pièces en plein coeur du Marais. 2° étage, 4 personnes. Tout confort, cuisine à l'américaine, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, Internet haut débit, TV et bouquet de chaînes. Proximité métros République, Temple, Fille du Calvaire A côté de Notre Dame, Musée Picasso, Place des Vosges, Centre Georges Pompidou, Musée Carnavalet, Mairie de Paris, Archives Nationales, Opéra Bastille, 40 restaurants à proximité, shopping, Paris Gay.	2 pièces en plein coeur du Marais. 2° étage, 4 personnes. Tout confort, cuisine à l'américaine, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, Internet haut débit, TV et bouquet de chaînes. Proximité métros République, Temple, Fille du Calvaire A côté de Notre Dame, Musée Picasso, Place des Vosges, Centre Georges Pompidou, Musée Carnavalet, Mairie de Paris, Archives Nationales, Opéra Bastille, 40 restaurants à proximité, shopping, Paris Gay.
17968	The apt is very bright with a view over Paris' roofs and Eiffel Tower.	"This charming apartment is located by the Marais. Close to the Enfants Rouges market. With an amazing view you could visit Paris easily with a main metro station just by. Please note that the apartment is at the 6th floor and  NO LIFT.    The apt is very bright with a view over Paris' roofs and Eiffel Tower. Internet - TV with international channels I love to meet people. ""The Enfants Rouges"" food market 5 mn walk Nice restaurants and shops 3 mn walk Supermarket 5 mn walk Nice bakery 2 mn walk By RER and metro from Charles De Gaulle airport or Orly airport. 3 metro stations from Gare du Nord Metro station 3 mn walk from the apt"
17969	important: the apartment is on 5th floor and there is no elevator. 	This beautiful apartment is located in the heart of Paris.This apartment of 39m2 is very nice and well equipped.  4 MONTHS RENTAL (oct 2015 to the end of january 2016) important: the apartment is on 5th floor and there is no elevator.  wifi, TV, music player, Linen and towels are included. I will be there to accomodate my visitors, give them the keys and show the apartment. If i can't be present, my mother replace me. The district is great: between le Marais and les Halles, it is truly the heart of Paris. The apartment does not give directly on the street thus it is not very noisy. On the other hand the district is very alive with many restaurants, bars and shops. The building is located at the subway Rambuteau (line 11). There are also the stations Étienne Marcel (line 4), Arts et Métiers (line 3) and Hotel de Ville (line 1) who are close as well as many bus lines (phone number hidden))
17970	Very beautiful 2 rooms flat with Parisian  charms. It has exposed beams and its perfectly equipped. Redone completely in 2014 this apartment is established with a bedroom, a bathroom, lounge and kitchen.  The bedroom with a king size bed, a fireplace, Tv screen flat, closet can welcome two people. Very pleasant and bright bedroom. The bedding is new and the big window offers a view without face to face on a typically Parisian avenue. The lounge is spacious and bright and possesses a new and can welcome 2 people. A baby crib is also available. The kitchen is pleasant and quite equipped.  Situated unless 100m of the subway, you will benefit of a  central location and it's easy to visit Paris from here..  Thanks to all the businesses, restaurants and shops in the surroundings you can live the life of Parisians.  Everything is there! You will have an excellent stay and your host will indulge to welcome you and to help you to discover one of the most beautiful city of the world	Très beau 2 pièces aux charmes parisien avec poutres apparentes et parfaitement équipé. Refait entièrement en 2014 cet appartement est constitue d une chambre, une salle de bain, salon et cuisine toute équipée. Quartier marais avec métro à 50m Very beautiful 2 rooms flat with Parisian  charms. It has exposed beams and its perfectly equipped. Redone completely in 2014 this apartment is established with a bedroom, a bathroom, lounge and kitchen.  The bedroom with a king size bed, a fireplace, Tv screen flat, closet can welcome two people. Very pleasant and bright bedroom. The bedding is new and the big window offers a view without face to face on a typically Parisian avenue. The lounge is spacious and bright and possesses a new and can welcome 2 people. A baby crib is also available. The kitchen is pleasant and quite equipped.  Situated unless 100m of the subway, you will benefit of a  central location and it's easy to visit Paris from here..  Thanks to all the businesses, restaurants an
17971		nice bedroom in a very nice 80 m2 bright, quiet, comfortable and well furnished parisian flat old style parquet, high ceiling large living room kitchen, bathroom, lobby balcony and big windows w beautiful view your bedroom and mine are at opposite side of the flat the bathroom is common but it never makes any problem as long as everyone is respecting the others this place is cosy and has good vibes ;) The guest have access to the whole flat all the time, except my bedroom of course. And of course too, no one will have access to their bedroom. I am a real parisian and I like having people in my place, I will try to provide you any kind of good advice and help during your stay to make it great. The area is one of the best places in Paris, trendy but not too much, with many things to do. My place is situated in the heart of Paris, you can do a lot of things by walk. Otherwise there is 3 lines of metro and 5 of bus at 2 minutes walk.
17972	 743 sq.ft.. 3° floor with lift, facing large and bright court This apartment, lighted by three large windows, fully renovated in 2011, consists of 1 double bedroom with a large private bathroom and a living- room of 430 sq.ft. . with 2 sofas (one double bed).  From the living-room, with kitchen,  you get access to a second italian style bathroom   The whole house has hardwood floors, while in the bathrooms were installed marble and ceramics 	69 sqm. in front of the famous pl.des vosges building with lift and porter all day  overlooking a large courtyard, so it is very quiet, fully renovated apartment! two full baths! 743 sq.ft.. 3° floor with lift, facing large and bright court This apartment, lighted by three large windows, fully renovated in 2011, consists of 1 double bedroom with a large private bathroom and a living- room of 430 sq.ft. . with 2 sofas (one double bed).  From the living-room, with kitchen,  you get access to a second italian style bathroom   The whole house has hardwood floors, while in the bathrooms were installed marble and ceramics 150 mt from Place des Vosges (one of the most charming squares in the world where Victor Hugo lived)  200 mt. from .    the Bastille, in front of Marais, an ideal location for exploring Paris. Two underground stations within 200 mt. : Bastille (lines 1-5-8) and Chemin Vert (line 8). A short walk within a radius of 20/25 minutes walk, easy access to all the museums in the Ma
17973	LAST MINUTE PRICE ONLY 15 DAYS BEFORE THE DATE 90€/DAY  -   540€/WEEK In the very heart of Le Marais, a flat to be rent, renovated by a tasteful decorator. This Romantic apartment is located in what has recently become a very fashionable neighborhood out of the tourist area, yet within a 2 minute walk of Place des Vosges .  Bathed in sunshine all through the day, this 4th floor (without elevator) of a 18th century building enjoys the calmest atmosphere. It is the perfect place if you want some quiet place to rest between visits to one of the many touristic locations that can be easily accessed from there. A double living-room for 2 people, a mezzanine with a large bed, also for 2 people. Up to 4 people could be accommodated. The kitchen is fully equipped : electric cooker , microwave with grill , washing-machine. The apartment has been entirely renovated by a decorator ; furnished with taste : Nogushi table, Mondrian fauteuil. Flourished terrace facing the street. INTERNET WIRELESS PRO	Last minute price 15 days before ..... LAST MINUTE PRICE ONLY 15 DAYS BEFORE THE DATE 90€/DAY  -   540€/WEEK In the very heart of Le Marais, a flat to be rent, renovated by a tasteful decorator. This Romantic apartment is located in what has recently become a very fashionable neighborhood out of the tourist area, yet within a 2 minute walk of Place des Vosges .  Bathed in sunshine all through the day, this 4th floor (without elevator) of a 18th century building enjoys the calmest atmosphere. It is the perfect place if you want some quiet place to rest between visits to one of the many touristic locations that can be easily accessed from there. A double living-room for 2 people, a mezzanine with a large bed, also for 2 people. Up to 4 people could be accommodated. The kitchen is fully equipped : electric cooker , microwave with grill , washing-machine. The apartment has been entirely renovated by a decorator ; furnished with taste : Nogushi table, Mondrian fauteuil. Flourished terrace f
17974		Un studio cosy très haut de plafond avec une vraie mezzanine, qui comporte tout ce qu'il faut  pour se sentir comme dans un petit chez soi à Paris. Notamment un lit confortable de deux places, une salle de douche et un wc, une kitchenette, télévision
17975	L’appartement est situé dans le centre de Paris, en plein cœur du mythique quartier du Marais, à 50 mètres de la Place des Vosges, sur la célèbre rue de Turenne. Ce charmant et Bourgeois duplex de 75 m2 d’une capacité de 6 couchages est doté d'une cuisine entièrement fonctionnelle et équipée, l’internet sans fil, 2 télévisions, toilettes indépendant, dressing,  système Hi-Fi, 1 machine à laver et à sécher le linge… Il est situé dans la partie privative d'un immeuble typiquement parisien, au 1er étage.  Au premier niveau de ce duplex vous profiterez d’un vaste salon de 40m2, avec télévision à écran plat et système Hi-Fi. Un coin repas et un coin salon très lumineux (trois grande fenêtres), équipé de deux grands canapés lits pouvant accueillir jusqu’à 4 couchages, de toilettes indépendantes et d’une cuisine ouverte.  Au niveau supérieur, une grande chambre intime avec un lit King-size très confortable, une salle de bain avec baignoire. La chambre dispose d'un grand dressing.  À DEUX PAS 	Ce duplex de 75m2 est situé dans un immeuble typiquement parisien. Il peut accueillir confortablement 4 à 6 personnes. Au cœur du Marais, à 50 M de la célèbre Place des Vosges et à proximité des stations de métro, bus, taxi, Vélib et Autolib... L’appartement est situé dans le centre de Paris, en plein cœur du mythique quartier du Marais, à 50 mètres de la Place des Vosges, sur la célèbre rue de Turenne. Ce charmant et Bourgeois duplex de 75 m2 d’une capacité de 6 couchages est doté d'une cuisine entièrement fonctionnelle et équipée, l’internet sans fil, 2 télévisions, toilettes indépendant, dressing,  système Hi-Fi, 1 machine à laver et à sécher le linge… Il est situé dans la partie privative d'un immeuble typiquement parisien, au 1er étage.  Au premier niveau de ce duplex vous profiterez d’un vaste salon de 40m2, avec télévision à écran plat et système Hi-Fi. Un coin repas et un coin salon très lumineux (trois grande fenêtres), équipé de deux grands canapés lits pouvant accueillir jus
17976	With exposed beams, and stone-walls, the apartment exudes a genuine and charming Marais feeling. The apartment is 50 sq meters with double-exposition so is always very sunny and has views on a green courtyard. Fully equipped kitchen with oven, microwaves & dishwasher. The windows are double-glazed.	Our charming apartment is in the heart of le Marais & its delightful shops & 2 blocks from Place des Vosges. With a bedroom sleeping 1, a mezzanine sleeping 2 and a sofa in the living-room sleeping 2, it can accomodate 6 people.  With exposed beams, and stone-walls, the apartment exudes a genuine and charming Marais feeling. The apartment is 50 sq meters with double-exposition so is always very sunny and has views on a green courtyard. Fully equipped kitchen with oven, microwaves & dishwasher. The windows are double-glazed. Free cable TV, free wifi, free international calls to US cell phones and free land line calls to 41 European countries. The Marais is home to many famous French fashion workshops and boutiques, amazing restaurants, cafes, and bars, and several unique museums and small parks. It is the perfect neighborhood for a lazy Sunday stroll, or simply for a good session of people watching over a glass of wine while perched in a cafe. The location is ideal: 2 blocks from Place 
17977	Mon appartement est joliment décoré, refait à neuf il y a 2 ans, entièrement équipé et très confortable. Il est idéalement situé au coeur de Paris, avec de nombreux lieux accessibles à pieds mais aussi 5 lignes de métro à moins de 3 minutes. Un lit dans la chambre qui donne sur une cours calme et l'autre lit est le canapé lit, très confortable. Enfin, l'appartement est calme. Je laisse draps et serviettes de bain à votre disposition. Vous pourrez également profiter des guides touristiques présents dans ma bibliothèque. Je suis disponible pour toute question concernant l'appartement et l'organisation de votre arrivée et départ. N'hésitez pas à me contacter! Le sentier est un quartier mythique est vivant. Il est idéalement situé, à 10 minutes du Marais, du canal St Martin mais aussi à 15 minutes de l'Opéra, du musée du Louvre, 20 minutes des grands magasins... 5 lignes de métro se situent à 3 minutes à pieds (lignes 4, 8, 9, 3 et 11). Très facile d'accès depuis les 2 aéroports. Direct de	Mon appartement est joliment décoré, refait à neuf il y a 2 ans, entièrement équipé et très confortable. Il est idéalement situé au coeur de Paris, avec de nombreux lieux accessibles à pieds mais aussi 5 lignes de métro à moins de 3 minutes. Un lit dans la chambre qui donne sur une cours calme et l'autre lit est le canapé lit, très confortable. Enfin, l'appartement est calme. Je laisse draps et serviettes de bain à votre disposition. Vous pourrez également profiter des guides touristiques présents dans ma bibliothèque. Je suis disponible pour toute question concernant l'appartement et l'organisation de votre arrivée et départ. N'hésitez pas à me contacter! Le sentier est un quartier mythique est vivant. Il est idéalement situé, à 10 minutes du Marais, du canal St Martin mais aussi à 15 minutes de l'Opéra, du musée du Louvre, 20 minutes des grands magasins... 5 lignes de métro se situent à 3 minutes à pieds (lignes 4, 8, 9, 3 et 11). Très facile d'accès depuis les 2 aéroports. Direct de
17978	This fantastic little flat has a actual viex of Place des Vosges! you can hear the water splashing in the fountain that you see! the bathroom is quite large and all white ceramic with a show er and tub, the toilet is on the other side of the flat and the walk in closet is huge! The leather couch opens to a sofa bed that means sleeps 4. Large kitchen which means two people can cook at the same tile and as a bedroom is upstatirs every body gets privacy!	Fantastic little duplex with  a bedroom upstairs + sofa bed, you can actually hear the water fountains in the square! Large kitchen, two can cook. with a large comfortable bathroom and bathtub! 4 people can sleep here as there is a great sofa bed. This fantastic little flat has a actual viex of Place des Vosges! you can hear the water splashing in the fountain that you see! the bathroom is quite large and all white ceramic with a show er and tub, the toilet is on the other side of the flat and the walk in closet is huge! The leather couch opens to a sofa bed that means sleeps 4. Large kitchen which means two people can cook at the same tile and as a bedroom is upstatirs every body gets privacy! everything in the flat. You may have a much or as little as you would like! Place des Vosges is THE neighborhood in the Marais! Beutiful, chic galleries everywhere,  wonderful restaurants, right down the streey at Francs Bourgeois, is fantastic boutuques! St. Paul and Bastille are the metros!
17979	Grand studio de charme lumineux (36m2) d'un style très parisien au coeur du Marais, idéal pour se déplacer et découvrir la capitale, proche de nombreux musées, bars et restaurants cosmopolites.  LE LOGEMENT Studio / 2 pièces dans un immeuble typique du Marais.  L’appartement situé au 3e étage avec ascenseur est composé d’une grande pièce à vivre avec un coin salon et un coin chambre avec un lit double de 160 cm, d’une 2ème pièce cuisine/salle à manger, d’une salle de bain avec baignoire et d’une entrée.  L’appartement est orienté plein sud et donc très lumineux, 2 grandes fénêtres dans le salon/chambre et une grande fenêtre dans la salle à manger/cuisine. Il donne sur une grande cour très calme avec vue sur les toits. La cuisine est équipée d’un frigo/freezer, lave linge, four, plaques électriques. Sont fournis, draps et serviettes. Connexion WIFI haut debit gratuite.  Ménage compris dans le prix.  LE QUARTIER Le quartier situé en plein centre de Paris est idéal pour se déplacer et déc	Grand studio de charme lumineux (36m2) style très parisien au coeur du Marais idéal pour découvrir la capitale proche musées bars et restaurants cosmopolites. 1 grande pièce à vivre avec coin salon et chambre, 2e pièce cuisine/salle à manger. SdB. Grand studio de charme lumineux (36m2) d'un style très parisien au coeur du Marais, idéal pour se déplacer et découvrir la capitale, proche de nombreux musées, bars et restaurants cosmopolites.  LE LOGEMENT Studio / 2 pièces dans un immeuble typique du Marais.  L’appartement situé au 3e étage avec ascenseur est composé d’une grande pièce à vivre avec un coin salon et un coin chambre avec un lit double de 160 cm, d’une 2ème pièce cuisine/salle à manger, d’une salle de bain avec baignoire et d’une entrée.  L’appartement est orienté plein sud et donc très lumineux, 2 grandes fénêtres dans le salon/chambre et une grande fenêtre dans la salle à manger/cuisine. Il donne sur une grande cour très calme avec vue sur les toits. La cuisine est équipée d
17980	English below. ------------------------------ L'appartement se trouve au 3è étage d'un immeuble situé au cœur du Marais et donne sur une cour fleurie et lumineuse. Il est typique du quartier avec des poutres apparentes dans tout l'appartement. L'appartement est composé :  - D'une cuisine tout équipée avec plaques au gaz, grand frigo/congélateur, micro-ondes/four, machine à laver, lave-vaisselle, blender, grille pain ainsi qu'une multitude d'ustensiles de cuisine. - D'un grand séjour avec :  Un canapé qui se transforme en grand lit très confortable, simple et rapide à utiliser.  Un grand écran plat avec home cinéma et une grande bibliothèque de films à disposition.   Une table à manger/bar pour dîner avec vos amis (5 places). Et enfin une véritable cheminée. - Une grande chambre avec : Un grand lit (160) à mémoire de forme, très confortable Plusieurs rangements dont deux grands dressings avec éclairages automatiques Un ventilateur en cas de forte chaleur La chambre donne sur un petit ja	Magnifique 2 pièces authentique en plein cœur du Marais ! Appartement au calme donnant sur une jolie cour pavée et fleurie dans un des plus charmants quartiers de Paris et à proximité de nombreux lieux touristiques, bars et restaurants. English below. ------------------------------ L'appartement se trouve au 3è étage d'un immeuble situé au cœur du Marais et donne sur une cour fleurie et lumineuse. Il est typique du quartier avec des poutres apparentes dans tout l'appartement. L'appartement est composé :  - D'une cuisine tout équipée avec plaques au gaz, grand frigo/congélateur, micro-ondes/four, machine à laver, lave-vaisselle, blender, grille pain ainsi qu'une multitude d'ustensiles de cuisine. - D'un grand séjour avec :  Un canapé qui se transforme en grand lit très confortable, simple et rapide à utiliser.  Un grand écran plat avec home cinéma et une grande bibliothèque de films à disposition.   Une table à manger/bar pour dîner avec vos amis (5 places). Et enfin une véritable chemi
17981	This beautiful apartment is ideally located in the area of the Marais, and has been designed to comfortably sleep up to two people. Fully renovated in 2011, the accommodation is on the third floor (without a lift) of a beautiful top quality building overlooking an inner courtyard. This beautiful 23m2 studio has a pleasant lounge with sofa and bed cleverly stored away during the day to make full use of the space. The American-style kitchen is fully equipped with everything guests might need during their stay. The bathroom has a sink, shower, toilet and heated towel rack. There is also WIFI internet connection for work or leisure purposes, as well as a flat-screen television with cable channels and telephone with free calls to a great number of destinations.  The nearest metro stations are Rambuteau and Arts et Métiers served by metro lines 3 and 11 and just a three minute walk from the apartment. Visitors can easily travel by public transport all over the city. There is also the option 	This beautiful apartment is ideally located in the area of the Marais, and has been designed to comfortably sleep up to two people. Fully renovated in 2011, the accommodation is on the third floor (without a lift) of a beautiful top quality building overlooking an inner courtyard. This beautiful 23m2 studio has a pleasant lounge with sofa and bed cleverly stored away during the day to make full use of the space. The American-style kitchen is fully equipped with everything guests might need during their stay. The bathroom has a sink, shower, toilet and heated towel rack. There is also WIFI internet connection for work or leisure purposes, as well as a flat-screen television with cable channels and telephone with free calls to a great number of destinations.  The nearest metro stations are Rambuteau and Arts et Métiers served by metro lines 3 and 11 and just a three minute walk from the apartment. Visitors can easily travel by public transport all over the city. There is also the option 
17982	"This fully renovated apartment of 45sqm (approx: sqf) is located on rue Chapon, in the district number 3 of the capital, heart of the Marais area. Between Republique place and Hotel de Ville, this district with amazing with a lot of bakeries, trendy shops, coffees, restaurants… The apartment is situated on the fifth French floor (with lift) of a standing building with a great view on the Parisian roofs from the balconies. It offers a large living room with balcony and sofa bed, a bedroom with also a balcony, a separated fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and toilets. The apartment is very bright and calm with its two big windows double glazed. The decoration is neat and the authentic furniture is of high quality, it can accommodate 4 people. Internet wifi very fast (called ""fibre"" in France). The nearest metro is: Arts et Metiers (Line green 3rd). Important: At this moment, the bedroom can not be closed until september."	This fully renovated apartment is located on rue Chapon, in the heart of Marais area. With 45 square meters, it is a perfect place for a leisure or business trip. It can welcome up 4 people. The bedroom can not be closed at this moment. This fully renovated apartment of 45sqm (approx: sqf) is located on rue Chapon, in the district number 3 of the capital, heart of the Marais area. Between Republique place and Hotel de Ville, this district with amazing with a lot of bakeries, trendy shops, coffees, restaurants… The apartment is situated on the fifth French floor (with lift) of a standing building with a great view on the Parisian roofs from the balconies. It offers a large living room with balcony and sofa bed, a bedroom with also a balcony, a separated fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and toilets. The apartment is very bright and calm with its two big windows double glazed. The decoration is neat and the authentic furniture is of high quality, it can accommodate 4 people
17983	The apartment is small but comfortable, quiet, sunny, fully furnished, great location in a very safe and ideal for couples traveling. The apartment is located in central Paris, in the northern Marais. It is a trendy, vibrant, full of terraces, cafes, museums, restaurants and shops. In this apartment you will find a wifi connection, a washing machine and a small equipped kitchen (oven, hob, electric kettle, pots, pans, etc.). A large Monoprix supermarket is only 200 meters from the apartment and opened up to 22 hours. The area is great for discovering life in Paris. The apartment is 10 minutes by bike or 15 minutes walk from the Place des Vosges, the Centre Pompidou, the Opera Bastille, Pere Lachaise cemetery and the Museo Picasso. Republic metro station is minutes away on foot. It wilderness all these lines (3, 5, 8, 9, 11) direct line to the Champs Elysees, Opera, Eiffel Tower, the Hotel de Ville and Gare du Nord (CDG, London Eurostar, Thalys to Amsterdam and Brussels ).	The apartment is small but comfortable, quiet, sunny, fully furnished, great location in a very safe and ideal for couples traveling. The apartment is located in central Paris, in the northern Marais. It is a trendy, vibrant, full of terraces, cafes, museums, restaurants and shops. In this apartment you will find a wifi connection, a washing machine and a small equipped kitchen (oven, hob, electric kettle, pots, pans, etc.). A large Monoprix supermarket is only 200 meters from the apartment and opened up to 22 hours. The area is great for discovering life in Paris. The apartment is 10 minutes by bike or 15 minutes walk from the Place des Vosges, the Centre Pompidou, the Opera Bastille, Pere Lachaise cemetery and the Museo Picasso. Republic metro station is minutes away on foot. It wilderness all these lines (3, 5, 8, 9, 11) direct line to the Champs Elysees, Opera, Eiffel Tower, the Hotel de Ville and Gare du Nord (CDG, London Eurostar, Thalys to Amsterdam and Brussels ).
17984	"A louer, au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, appartement mansardé de 2 pièce, 30m2, près de la place des vosges. Très bien situé,à mi chemin entre le quartier vivant du 11ème et le quartier artistique du 3ème , idéal pour découvrir paris en toute simplicité. Nice flat, 2 rooms, 30m2, 4th floor without lift next to ""place des Vosges"". Very well located, just between the 11th district, area very alive, and the 3rd district more artistic. Ideal to discover easily Paris"	"Nice apartment , next to ""place des vosges"" ( 3 min by step) in beautiful building. In the central of Paris, It is a very good place to discover Paris.  A louer, au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, appartement mansardé de 2 pièce, 30m2, près de la place des vosges. Très bien situé,à mi chemin entre le quartier vivant du 11ème et le quartier artistique du 3ème , idéal pour découvrir paris en toute simplicité. Nice flat, 2 rooms, 30m2, 4th floor without lift next to ""place des Vosges"". Very well located, just between the 11th district, area very alive, and the 3rd district more artistic. Ideal to discover easily Paris J'espère que vous vous sentirez comme chez vous. I hope you will feeling like your home. Je peux échanger par mail ou télèphone afin de répondre à toutes vos questions avant et durant le séjour. Je laisserai à l'appartement un document avec toutes les informations nécessaires sur l'appartement ( code wifi, fonctionnement de la machine à laver etc...) et le quartier. Si je suis di"
17985	Very pleasant flat, all furnished, in the middle of Paris in the well known area of Le Marais. Very close to metro and bus stations, velib and autolib points, you are in a very central location. Between Bastille and République, in a very nice and quiet street with wonderful restaurants and clothes stores.  In the 6thand last floor, the apartment is so charming with its 6 balconies that give you a nice view to the roofs of Paris. You can even see the Eifel Tower through a small window in the kitchen!  Its size is about 40sq.m with a big living room including a double bed and a couch, and a big  kitchen. Restroom, bathroom with bath&shower and a big kitchen with every thing inside will make your stay very comfortable.   Hight speed internet connexion, CD and MP3 player...and some music instruments are part of it and you get free access! Smokers not allowed inside but can smoke on the balconies.  It's a peacefull place where people usually feel very good :) 	Very pleasant flat, all furnished, in the middle of Paris in the well known area of Le Marais. Very close to metro and bus stations, velib and autolib points, you are in a very central location. Between Bastille and République, in a very nice and quiet street with wonderful restaurants and clothes stores.  In the 6thand last floor, the apartment is so charming with its 6 balconies that give you a nice view to the roofs of Paris. You can even see the Eifel Tower through a small window in the kitchen!  Its size is about 40sq.m with a big living room including a double bed and a couch, and a big  kitchen. Restroom, bathroom with bath&shower and a big kitchen with every thing inside will make your stay very comfortable.   Hight speed internet connexion, CD and MP3 player...and some music instruments are part of it and you get free access! Smokers not allowed inside but can smoke on the balconies.  It's a peacefull place where people usually feel very good :) 
17986		Appartement cosy et lumineux. Idéalement situé entre Bastille et République, il est sans vis-à-vis offrant une ambiance intimiste. Peut accueillir deux personnes dans un vrai lit vu sur le fameux Cirque d’ Hiver.
17987	The bedroom B&B is Located in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris (not entire flat but private bed room )in the heart of the city. North west part of Le Marais area, very Close to Metro station Arts et Métiers (line 3 or 11).The building is from 17een century , access to the flat on the 1et floor , no elevator , The flat is a duplex, composed by an open space living-room, open kitchen , dining area (where the continental breakfast is served in the morning). You get access to the bed room by a spiral staircase (2nd level).the Bedroom is about 20 square meters, the bed is 180 cm , Wifi free access., Guests get a private bathroom usage (bath towels )with shower. This B&B is well located , easy for the ones loving walking throw Paris down to Notre Dame and many other spots , it is as well , well connected to the many Underground lines. USE OF KITCHEN NOT ALLOWDED & MINIMUM STAY: 2 NIGHTS Underground map (website hidden)	B&B one Bed Room + breakfast for 115 euros per night ( 2 nights stay minimum ) Or Option consult me for the entiere flat* ( 2 poeple one bedroom ) for 1 week minimum 155 euros per day ( i would not be here my personal 2nd bedroom would be lock *) The bedroom B&B is Located in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris (not entire flat but private bed room )in the heart of the city. North west part of Le Marais area, very Close to Metro station Arts et Métiers (line 3 or 11).The building is from 17een century , access to the flat on the 1et floor , no elevator , The flat is a duplex, composed by an open space living-room, open kitchen , dining area (where the continental breakfast is served in the morning). You get access to the bed room by a spiral staircase (2nd level).the Bedroom is about 20 square meters, the bed is 180 cm , Wifi free access., Guests get a private bathroom usage (bath towels )with shower. This B&B is well located , easy for the ones loving walking throw Paris down to Notre Dam
17988		A brand new apartment in the center of Paris with one bedroom and one sofabed in the living room, on the 2nd floor without lift. Restaurants, convenient stores and metros just at 2 minutes walk...
17989	" 2 pieces. This charming and delightful 33 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue Chapon in the 3rd arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 18th century building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, phone, DVD, stereo. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : security code, intercom. WI-FI ... Les métros sont : ""Réaumur Sebastopol"" (3,9), ""Etienne Marcel"" (4,) ""Hotel de ville"" (1), ""Les Halles"" (1,4) Thêatres, cinémas, piscine des Halles, salle de sport (Le Klay), danse dans le centre du Marais, plus de 50 disciplines( à dix minutes à pieds) discothèques, restaurants, bars et rues piétonnes à dix minutes à pieds pour les commerces  ... Rue Montorgueil Musée du Louvre (à quinze minutes à pieds). Pour le shopping ? ... Centre commercial des Halles, rue de Rivoli, rue St Honoré (10 minutes à "	" 2 pieces. This charming and delightful 33 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue Chapon in the 3rd arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 18th century building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, phone, DVD, stereo. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : security code, intercom. WI-FI ... Les métros sont : ""Réaumur Sebastopol"" (3,9), ""Etienne Marcel"" (4,) ""Hotel de ville"" (1), ""Les Halles"" (1,4) Thêatres, cinémas, piscine des Halles, salle de sport (Le Klay), danse dans le centre du Marais, plus de 50 disciplines( à dix minutes à pieds) discothèques, restaurants, bars et rues piétonnes à dix minutes à pieds pour les commerces  ... Rue Montorgueil Musée du Louvre (à quinze minutes à pieds). Pour le shopping ? ... Centre commercial des Halles, rue de Rivoli, rue St Honoré (10 minutes à "
17990	Bedroom 1: 1 bed 140cmx200cm  Bedroom 2: 1 bed 160cmx200cm Bathroom 1: two sinks, bathtub and WC  Bathroom 2: shower & sink. Located on upper floors Safe and central Paris, located on rue de Montmorency , next door to the oldest house in Paris of Nicolas Flamel (15th century), just a few steps from Centre Georges Pompidou, within the charming Marais area. 15 mins walk to River Seine, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Place des Vosges, rue de Rivoli and Le Louvre. Easy access to all major tourist attractions. Art galleries, boutiques and a lot of restaurants, bistrots, bars and cafés in this lively and fashionable area of Paris. Fantastic bakeries, butchers and supermarkets close by. Metro: Arts et metier , Reaumur Sebastopol, Etienne Marcel	Charming 84m² 2BR duplex on rue de Montmorency, 1st floor via stairs, central Paris. Close to everything, 3 metros nearby, buses too. 2 double beds, 2 bathrooms, terrace, WIFI, TV, fully equipped, beautiful tiled floors and original wooden beams! Bedroom 1: 1 bed 140cmx200cm  Bedroom 2: 1 bed 160cmx200cm Bathroom 1: two sinks, bathtub and WC  Bathroom 2: shower & sink. Located on upper floors Safe and central Paris, located on rue de Montmorency , next door to the oldest house in Paris of Nicolas Flamel (15th century), just a few steps from Centre Georges Pompidou, within the charming Marais area. 15 mins walk to River Seine, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Place des Vosges, rue de Rivoli and Le Louvre. Easy access to all major tourist attractions. Art galleries, boutiques and a lot of restaurants, bistrots, bars and cafés in this lively and fashionable area of Paris. Fantastic bakeries, butchers and supermarkets close by. Metro: Arts et metier , Reaumur Sebastopol, Etienne Marcel Safe and centr
17991		Idéalement situé en plein cœur de Paris Appartement Haussmannien
17992	Immeuble ancien plein de charme	Beau 2 pièces situé dans le quartier historique et central du marais. Au premier étage, chambre donnant sur cour et salon sur rue. Poutre, tommettes anciennes et parquet Versailles donnent à cet appartement tout son charme. Immeuble ancien plein de charme Musées, restaurant et boutiques Métro 1 - St Paul
17993	Very beautiful studio of 42 m ² at the heart of Le Marais, the view cleared on the Pavillon de la Reine of the Place des Vosges, benefiting from an ideal situation in the historic center of Paris and nearby : - Public transportation,  - Museums and art galleries,  - Restaurants and minimarket, baker, butcher - Fashion and shopping streets,  - Bastille Opera, cinemas and theaters The apartment is situated on the 2nd floor, with elevator, in a modern building equipped with a digital code, an intercom and of a code in the elevator. It arranges following equipments: - A bed of 140 cms and a 140 cm sofa bed which can welcome comfortably up to 4 persons (sheets, pillows, braids supplied) - Of numerous arrangements  - Of a small desk - Of a television / DVD player - Of a fully-equipped kitchen - Of a bathroom consisted of a washbasin, a bathtub / shower, toilets Public transportation: - Subway Chemin Vert (line 8) in 2 mn, Bréguet-Sabin (line 5) in 5 mn, Bastille or Saint-Paul (line 1) in 10 	Very beautiful studio of 42 m ² at the heart of Le Marais, the view cleared on the Pavillon de la Reine of the Place des Vosges, benefiting from an ideal situation in the historic center of Paris and nearby : - Public transportation,  - Museums and art galleries,  - Restaurants and minimarket, baker, butcher - Fashion and shopping streets,  - Bastille Opera, cinemas and theaters The apartment is situated on the 2nd floor, with elevator, in a modern building equipped with a digital code, an intercom and of a code in the elevator. It arranges following equipments: - A bed of 140 cms and a 140 cm sofa bed which can welcome comfortably up to 4 persons (sheets, pillows, braids supplied) - Of numerous arrangements  - Of a small desk - Of a television / DVD player - Of a fully-equipped kitchen - Of a bathroom consisted of a washbasin, a bathtub / shower, toilets Public transportation: - Subway Chemin Vert (line 8) in 2 mn, Bréguet-Sabin (line 5) in 5 mn, Bastille or Saint-Paul (line 1) in 10 
17994		Appartement en plein cœur du Marais. 5 minutes à pied du métro République. Métro :  Lignes 3, 5, 8, 9, 11.Rue calme mais quartier animé, galeries, bars, restos, marché...
17995	Duplex du logement du propriétaire,  avec accès indépendant.	Beaux matériaux , lumineux, dans le quartier attrayant du Carreau du Temple Climatisation performante Duplex du logement du propriétaire,  avec accès indépendant. La partie de l'appartement, visible sur le site. Quartier historique du Marais très vivant et riche culturellement. M° République-Filles du calvaire-Temple frais de ménage: 30 euros réservation 2 nuits minimum
17996	This is our own home and we are used to swapping it with many people in the world. It's important for us to make you feel comfortable. We have all you would need for a baby and many toys for children. Please feel free to use the things we have in our cupboards (coffee, tea, oils, cereals) and refill them only if they are nearly finished.	Our place is in the very center and in one of the most charming areas of Paris: the Marais. There's a village touch to it with many cafes, shops, markets and parks. Our flat is spacious (75 m2), sunny and very quiet. Great for children and babies. This is our own home and we are used to swapping it with many people in the world. It's important for us to make you feel comfortable. We have all you would need for a baby and many toys for children. Please feel free to use the things we have in our cupboards (coffee, tea, oils, cereals) and refill them only if they are nearly finished. You will have access to all of our flat except for a 4 square meters' room in which we put our mess ! I have met all of my guests so far because I like welcoming people and sharing the info about the place beforehand. I always give a few useful tips about the neighborhood. We just love our neighborhood ! The Marais is my favorite spot in Paris with Montmartre. From our place you are a few steps from a lovely 
17997	In the very heart of the historical center of Paris, my charming and vast apartment is mostly notorious for its huge living and dining areas. Wooden floors, bright and white walls, design lamps all give the place a lot of cachet! The bathroom will provide you a bathtub, and the kitchen, very practical, is totally equipped, including with a washing machine and a dishwasher.	Welcome to my vast, design and bright apartment in the so charming neighborhood of le Marais, the very heart of Paris! With its comfy bedroom, the sofa that can sleeps 2 people and the extra bed, the apartment can host up to 5 people. In the very heart of the historical center of Paris, my charming and vast apartment is mostly notorious for its huge living and dining areas. Wooden floors, bright and white walls, design lamps all give the place a lot of cachet! The bathroom will provide you a bathtub, and the kitchen, very practical, is totally equipped, including with a washing machine and a dishwasher. You’ll have exclusive access to the whole apartment. I am living very near to this apartment and I am at the disposal of the guests to make sure that they have the best possible stay. Let's be clear : the neighborhood is pretty amazing ! To be honest, it's even my favourite in Paris. Le Marais is indeed a mix of past and modernity, a very trendy place and historic area with reminiscence
17998	"This fully furnished studio apartment is located in the ""Beaubourg"" area of the Marais.  The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a building dating from the 18th century with the convenience of an elevator. Enjoy vibrant Rue Rambuteau and the Beaubourg area, with many restaurants, markets, cafes and more to choose from. Steps to Les Halles for more shopping. This studio features high ceilings, exposed wood beams and light, harmonious decoration. The living space has a double size murphy bed, a single size sofabed (if you need to sleep apart)  and a television with a DVD player. The kitchenette has a small refrigerator, stove, a microwave oven,toaster, coffee-maker, tea kettle and toaster. A window with southeastern exposure allows in natural light and overlooks the charming street below. Paris Guidebooks, practical information on local attractions and transportation and maps are available to make your stay more enjoyable!"	"Romantic Studio Apartment in the Heart of the Marais. Located on vibrant Rue Quincampoix, steps to Centre Pompidou Modern Art Museum.  Hotel de Ville and the Center of Paris with Notre-Dame, Ile De La Cite and Ile Saint Louis are minutes away.  This fully furnished studio apartment is located in the ""Beaubourg"" area of the Marais.  The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a building dating from the 18th century with the convenience of an elevator. Enjoy vibrant Rue Rambuteau and the Beaubourg area, with many restaurants, markets, cafes and more to choose from. Steps to Les Halles for more shopping. This studio features high ceilings, exposed wood beams and light, harmonious decoration. The living space has a double size murphy bed, a single size sofabed (if you need to sleep apart)  and a television with a DVD player. The kitchenette has a small refrigerator, stove, a microwave oven,toaster, coffee-maker, tea kettle and toaster. A window with southeastern exposure allows in natural light a"
17999	If you want to get the local feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect for couples, business trips or to stay with a friend.  We kindly require the payment of the cleaning fees 50e and greeter fees 50e  in cash upon arrival and these are not included in the airbnb payment. This is the easiest way to remunerate our cleaning lady and our greeter and  will help us to  avoid ridiculous bank fees if we had to make a bank transfer to them. Many thanks for your understanding.   This adorbable studio in a secure building with lift is fully renovated to the highest standard whilst respecting the traditional charm of the building. Large windows give out onto a charming paved stree, flooding the apartment with daylight. High ceilings and hardwood floors give it a spacious comfy feeling. Neatly fitted out with an extremely comfortable fold out sofa bed for 2, a reading chair with lamps, a desk and chair, fitted wardrobe with large mirrored doors that open up the space, a fully equipped	In heart of the Marais, most charming disctrict of Paris, 5min walk from Place des Vosges/Centre Pompidou, lift, charming view, beautifully renovated , 1 studio  apartment, 2 sleeps, bathroom, washer/dryer, Free Tel, inernet, WIFI and Cable TV If you want to get the local feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect for couples, business trips or to stay with a friend.  We kindly require the payment of the cleaning fees 50e and greeter fees 50e  in cash upon arrival and these are not included in the airbnb payment. This is the easiest way to remunerate our cleaning lady and our greeter and  will help us to  avoid ridiculous bank fees if we had to make a bank transfer to them. Many thanks for your understanding.   This adorbable studio in a secure building with lift is fully renovated to the highest standard whilst respecting the traditional charm of the building. Large windows give out onto a charming paved stree, flooding the apartment with daylight. High ceilings and hardwoo
