14700	This accommodation has an area of 34 sqm - 366 sqft, is located on 4th French floor with elevator.  It can accommodate 4 persons. Located in rue Chabanais , It features :  1 living/dining room, 1 bedroom(s), 1 bathroom,kitchen. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, lift, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, stereo, international TV channels, electric heating, freezer, kitchen, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, intercom, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, television 	This 34 square meters 1 bedroom apartment is located on rue Chabanais in the 2nd district of Paris just next to Opera / Le Louvre Museum.  This accommodation has an area of 34 sqm - 366 sqft, is located on 4th French floor with elevator.  It can accommodate 4 persons. Located in rue Chabanais , It features :  1 living/dining room, 1 bedroom(s), 1 bathroom,kitchen. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, lift, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, stereo, international TV channels, electric heating, freezer, kitchen, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, intercom, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, television From the Place de l´Opera to Sentier district through the rue Montmartre, Place des Victoires and boulevard Poissonnière, this area as a special Parisian atmosphere. The little streets are full of life and many old and new little shops. It is t
14701		IN THE HEART OF PARIS ('Châtelet - Les Halles' station), in the pedestrian and trendy area called Montorgueil, this recently renovated design apartment is located on the 5 th French floor of 19th century walk up building and has a balcony facing sou
14702	This apartment of 52 ㎡ is on the 1er floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It can sleep 3 people comfortably with:1 double bed(140X190), 1 double sofa bed(140X190).	1 Bedroom + 1 Convertible bed, 1 bath, 1WC, sleeps up to 3. Beautifully renovated and fully furnished 1 bedroom apartment of 52 m2 in 1er arrondissement, the apartment is located in the  Saint Honoré and the Louvre museum. This apartment of 52 ㎡ is on the 1er floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It can sleep 3 people comfortably with:1 double bed(140X190), 1 double sofa bed(140X190). You will have full usage of all the equipments in the apartment during your stay. The apartment is fully equipped as followed: ・Bathroom : Bathtub, Hair dryer, towels(2 sizes big&medium), hand towels, bathroom mat, towel dryer, weight scale and toilet papers. ・Bedroom : 1 double bed with bedding, spare linens&towels, alarm clock, wardrobe with hangers, iron&ironing board, drying rack and safe. ・Living room : Double sofa bed, TV, DVD player, stereo, telephone(unlimited usage in france&some international calls), vacuum cle
14703	Construction work finished, the place is now back to normal!  The location of this sunlit apartment couldn't get better for travellers coming to Paris. It's only at 300 metres from Les Halles where all the airport trains arrive and where you can take metro to almost anywhere in Paris. On the other side stands the magnificent Louvre where you can spend days admiring art. The apartment is extremely quiet despite it's very central location since it's located on a second inner courtyard, after an alley of art galleries. It's on the topmost floor with big windows giving a wonderful light in the apartment. The real Parisian feeling is guaranteed when you look over the roof tops.  There's an elevator in the building to make the rise easier and a good Wi-fi connection to help you stay connected to the rest of the world. In the neighborhood you will find several bakeries and dozens, if not hundreds of restaurants, grocery stores, organic food stores and all the luxury shops of Rue Saint-Honoré 	Construction work finished, the place is now back to normal!  The location of this sunlit apartment couldn't get better for travellers coming to Paris. It's only at 300 metres from Les Halles where all the airport trains arrive and where you can take metro to almost anywhere in Paris. On the other side stands the magnificent Louvre where you can spend days admiring art. The apartment is extremely quiet despite it's very central location since it's located on a second inner courtyard, after an alley of art galleries. It's on the topmost floor with big windows giving a wonderful light in the apartment. The real Parisian feeling is guaranteed when you look over the roof tops.  There's an elevator in the building to make the rise easier and a good Wi-fi connection to help you stay connected to the rest of the world. In the neighborhood you will find several bakeries and dozens, if not hundreds of restaurants, grocery stores, organic food stores and all the luxury shops of Rue Saint-Honoré 
14704	Nice studio in the heart of Paris.  Double bed, bathroom with large bathtub. kitchenette. washing machine. ground floor garden. Unlimited internet access and wifi, plasma screen and 150 channels. Modern building code, intercom. Ideal for a couple. This is a nice studio apartment located right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of rue saint honoré where you will find the best shops ( like Colette) and a lots of very good restaurant.  You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. The nearest metro station is CONCORDE, 1 minute away. exit: rue Cambon This apartment is ideally located in rue Saint Honoré in the 1st arrondissement, just between the famous “Jardin des Tuileries”, the Louvre, the Place Vendôme and the Place de la Concorde where there is the famous Hotel Crillon. This is an exceptional situation, everything is just two steps away from the apartment; Champs Elysees, Opera, Seine River, Ile de la Cite, … The Faubourg-St. Honoré and the Plac	Nice studio in the heart of Paris.  Double bed, bathroom with large bathtub. kitchenette. washing machine. ground floor garden. Unlimited internet access and wifi, plasma screen and 150 channels. Modern building code, intercom. Ideal for a couple. This is a nice studio apartment located right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of rue saint honoré where you will find the best shops ( like Colette) and a lots of very good restaurant.  You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. The nearest metro station is CONCORDE, 1 minute away. exit: rue Cambon This apartment is ideally located in rue Saint Honoré in the 1st arrondissement, just between the famous “Jardin des Tuileries”, the Louvre, the Place Vendôme and the Place de la Concorde where there is the famous Hotel Crillon. This is an exceptional situation, everything is just two steps away from the apartment; Champs Elysees, Opera, Seine River, Ile de la Cite, … The Faubourg-St. Honoré and the Plac
14705	Typiquement parisien, grand studio refait a neuf, situé au centre de Paris, rue de Rivoli, face au jardin des Tuileries, entre la Place Vendome et le Musée du Louvre dans un immeuble ancien de prestige. 	Typiquement parisien, grand studio refait a neuf, situé au centre de Paris, rue de Rivoli, face au jardin des Tuileries, entre la Place Vendome et le Musée du Louvre dans un immeuble ancien de prestige.  2eme étage avec ascenseurs. Appartement tout équipé. Internet, télévision. Linge de maison. Lave vaiselle, lave linge, seche serviette electrique. Micro-onde, four, plaques vitro ceramique, combi frigidaire-congélateur. Machine a cafe Nespresso, toaster, sèche cheveux, fer à repasser avec planche... Situé au centre de Paris sur la ligne 1 de métro qui se trouve en face de l'immeuble (métro tuileries). Si la location dépasse 3 mois, le loyer revient à 2800 euros par mois. 
14706	This high standing 230 sqm house is astonishing ! It has all the features of typical Parisian apartments : very high ceiling, wooden floor, decorative chimney and moldings. It will sleep up to eight guests in four bedrooms, it will perfectly suit a family. The entrance hall on the ground floor is very impressive, very spacious. The stairs will lead you to the upper floors. You will be amazed by the space, the volumes, the light ! All the pictures, so beautiful, will lead your imagination in such beautiful places… The first floor features the living areas. You will first reach the living-room, so comfortable and pleasant. It has three couches around a coffee table. It also has a large desk, but if you need to isolate yourself to work for instance, the apartment features two separate office rooms. The French windows gives on the 42 sqm terrace. It is well arranged with plants, long chair, bench and table.  Needless to say you will love this terrace during the summer season ! The dining-r	Amazing 230 sqm house to rent for eight people two steps away from the Tuileries garden and the Louvre. Four separate bedrooms, two terraces, this comfortable place will be your haven of peace right in the center of Paris ! This high standing 230 sqm house is astonishing ! It has all the features of typical Parisian apartments : very high ceiling, wooden floor, decorative chimney and moldings. It will sleep up to eight guests in four bedrooms, it will perfectly suit a family. The entrance hall on the ground floor is very impressive, very spacious. The stairs will lead you to the upper floors. You will be amazed by the space, the volumes, the light ! All the pictures, so beautiful, will lead your imagination in such beautiful places… The first floor features the living areas. You will first reach the living-room, so comfortable and pleasant. It has three couches around a coffee table. It also has a large desk, but if you need to isolate yourself to work for instance, the apartment featu
14707	Nous vous proposons un appartement Royal en plein cœur de Paris. 	Welcome! Nous vous proposons un appartement Royal en plein cœur de Paris.  Cuisine équipée/ Salle de bain avec chauffe serviettes/ Chambre spacieuse 4 personnes 1 lit double, 2 lits simples /Wifi / télévision  Musée du Louvre, Opéra Garnier... Ligne 1, 7 et 14 du métro à moins de 5 minutes à pied  Check in gratuit entre 15 h et 20 h. En dehors de ces horaires, extra de 30 € à payer en cash à l'arrivée.  Le week end , le check in est payant ( 40 € en cash )  A quelques pas du Louvre, de la comédie Française et du parc des tuileries. Vous pourrez profiter de nombreuses boutiques et restaurants très proches de ce logement M1 palais royal musée du Louvre M14 Pyramides
14708	"This gorgeous apartment is located in a typically parisian ""Haussmannien"" building. It is on the fifth floor, with a lift, from where you will enjoy a view on the top of the Pompidou Museum (Beaubourg) and the Saint-Jacques Tower. Very quiet and well-lit, this apartment offers wood parquet floors, crown moldings, and fireplaces. The contemporary decor perfectly complements the classic interior architecture. The living room space is comfortable, bright and you can relax in a superb dark grey convertible couch. There is also a television, a high speed internet connection and even a DVD / Blu-Ray player when you are tired from your visits! The kitchen is fully-equipped, permitting you to prepare and serve your meals like at home. There is a bright and tranquil bedroom with a double bed and plenty of room for your belongings.  The bathroom is perfectly functional and comfortable. The toilets are separate from the bathroom. The comfort and quality of this apartment make it a rarity, ideally"	"This gorgeous apartment is located in a typically parisian ""Haussmannien"" building. It is on the fifth floor, with a lift, from where you will enjoy a view on the top of the Pompidou Museum (Beaubourg) and the Saint-Jacques Tower. This gorgeous apartment is located in a typically parisian ""Haussmannien"" building. It is on the fifth floor, with a lift, from where you will enjoy a view on the top of the Pompidou Museum (Beaubourg) and the Saint-Jacques Tower. Very quiet and well-lit, this apartment offers wood parquet floors, crown moldings, and fireplaces. The contemporary decor perfectly complements the classic interior architecture. The living room space is comfortable, bright and you can relax in a superb dark grey convertible couch. There is also a television, a high speed internet connection and even a DVD / Blu-Ray player when you are tired from your visits! The kitchen is fully-equipped, permitting you to prepare and serve your meals like at home. There is a bright and tranquil b"
14709	Paris Châtelet - les Halle  furnished apartment to rent, close Louvre, Notre-Dame, Saint Germain des Prés, les Halle and le Marais. The apartment (Renovated in Mars 2013) : Appartement of 2 rooms, arange to receive up to 4 people to feel you as at home. The bedroom is equipped with a double bed with a good bedding and with a cupboard to tidy up your clothes. Sheets are supplied. The shower-room is equipped with a big modern shower with shower rain, and flexible. Towels supplied . The living room possesses a sofa bed quality for daily sleeping for 2 people, a table, a TV, an internet WIFI, and a bar. The kitchen possesses a refrigerator, a microwave, heating plates, drying washing machine. The apartment gives onto two quiet courts.  The district : You are at the heart of Paris, that you came for the culture, the shopping, the gastronomy, Parisian nights or the charm of the walks on the banks of the Seine. Châtelet - les Halles is the most important subway station of Paris allowing you t	Paris Châtelet - les Halle  furnished apartment to rent, close Louvre, Notre-Dame, Saint Germain des Prés, les Halle and le Marais. The apartment (Renovated in Mars 2013) : Appartement of 2 rooms, arange to receive up to 4 people to feel you as at home. The bedroom is equipped with a double bed with a good bedding and with a cupboard to tidy up your clothes. Sheets are supplied. The shower-room is equipped with a big modern shower with shower rain, and flexible. Towels supplied . The living room possesses a sofa bed quality for daily sleeping for 2 people, a table, a TV, an internet WIFI, and a bar. The kitchen possesses a refrigerator, a microwave, heating plates, drying washing machine. The apartment gives onto two quiet courts.  The district : You are at the heart of Paris, that you came for the culture, the shopping, the gastronomy, Parisian nights or the charm of the walks on the banks of the Seine. Châtelet - les Halles is the most important subway station of Paris allowing you t
14710	On a courtyard on the first floor, this apartment is perfectly decorated, warm and cosy. With the street of rue du faubourg saint honoré and the Tuileries garden, 20 meters from the apartment, the location is terrific to visit Paris for a short stay. With a separated bedroom with TV, a large living-room with TV and a dining table, a kitchen all equipped and a bathroom with an italian shower this apartment is perfect for you.	On the first floor, just between the famous rue du faubourg saint honoré and the Tuileries garden. Decorated with taste, calm and cosy. Perfect for a short stay with its amazing location. On a courtyard on the first floor, this apartment is perfectly decorated, warm and cosy. With the street of rue du faubourg saint honoré and the Tuileries garden, 20 meters from the apartment, the location is terrific to visit Paris for a short stay. With a separated bedroom with TV, a large living-room with TV and a dining table, a kitchen all equipped and a bathroom with an italian shower this apartment is perfect for you. All is free (website hidden), internet wifi, hifi, kitchen, etc... Some books about Paris are also available for you.  I will welcome you myself and introduce you the apartment and give you some tips about Paris. In the heart of Paris, all is close like Opéra, Champs Elysées, les Galeries Lafayette, Le Louvre, etc... You cannot have a better location to make a visit of Paris. Metr
14711		The apartment is a nice apartment, it is student accommodation normally so is therefore not absolute luxury but we reflect this in the price. We like our apartment, especially because of its fantastic location, perfect for tourists!! The travelers will be able to access all of the rooms during the stay, we invite them to feel at home whilst they are staying in our apartment I have friends living in the building that will be able to help you if you need anything, or even just some advice on interesting places to visit. It is situated in the first arrondissement in Paris, home to the Louvre, the royal palace, beautiful gardens and some of the best shopping in all of the world. There is a metro station around five minutes walk away near the Louvre. The stop is called palais royal musee de louvre, metro line 1.
14712	Charming third floor studio apartment located on a peaceful courtyard of a pedestrian neighborhood in Paris city center, 2nd arrondissement. The apartment sleeps 4 comfortably; and is equipped with cable TV, wireless internet connection, full kitchen including cook top, oven, microwave, refrigerator, dishwasher, all utensils, as well as a washing machine. The apartment is a 5-minute walk to Montorgueil Street, a very lively area with many cafes, restaurants and bars. Given its central location the apartment is within a short walking distance to many major public transportation lines (Reamur-Sebastopol or Sentier: 5 minutes; Chatelet/Les Halles: 10 minutes); as well as walking distance to many major sites (Louvre Museum - 15 min, Opera - 15/20 minutes, Chatelet - 15 min). Renovated in the 1980s, the district of rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Since the renovation, motor vehicle traffic is prohibited in its newly paved streets. Montorgueil is primarily a market street with	Charming third floor studio apartment located on a peaceful courtyard of a pedestrian neighborhood in Paris city center, 2nd arrondissement. The apartment sleeps 4 comfortably; and is equipped with cable TV, wireless internet connection, full kitchen including cook top, oven, microwave, refrigerator, dishwasher, all utensils, as well as a washing machine. The apartment is a 5-minute walk to Montorgueil Street, a very lively area with many cafes, restaurants and bars. Given its central location the apartment is within a short walking distance to many major public transportation lines (Reamur-Sebastopol or Sentier: 5 minutes; Chatelet/Les Halles: 10 minutes); as well as walking distance to many major sites (Louvre Museum - 15 min, Opera - 15/20 minutes, Chatelet - 15 min). Renovated in the 1980s, the district of rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Since the renovation, motor vehicle traffic is prohibited in its newly paved streets. Montorgueil is primarily a market street with
14713	Fully new renovated bright and cheerful tastefully decorated apartment in the 6th arrondissement boardering Latin Quarter. A queen size bed in a separate bedroom. A brand new extra thick matress sofa bed, separate toilet.  The full apartment, this is an apartment no sharing what so ever you will be welcomed by a greeter who will show you how everything works and we collect the keys at check out. Should you need any assistance we will be available for you. Latin Quarter/Saint Germain de Pres steps away from Notre Dame, Saint Michel Fountain in the 6th arrondissement in the famous Saint Germain sorrounded by cafes and brasseries restaurants and pubs.  Please arrive by taxi if you want a smooth check in otherwise we ask you to call us when you arrive. Metro is at 100 feet away  The full apartment, this is an apartment no sharing what so ever you will be welcomed by a greeter who will show you how everything works and we collect the keys at check out. Should you need any assistance we will	Beautifully newly dec 1 bdr apt in the heart of St Michel/Saint Germain, 370sqf bright and cheerful apartment sleeps up to 4 queen size bed + sofa bed, Louis XIV chest of drawers separate toilet large shower, fully equipped kitchen, Internet Tel Wifi Fully new renovated bright and cheerful tastefully decorated apartment in the 6th arrondissement boardering Latin Quarter. A queen size bed in a separate bedroom. A brand new extra thick matress sofa bed, separate toilet.  The full apartment, this is an apartment no sharing what so ever you will be welcomed by a greeter who will show you how everything works and we collect the keys at check out. Should you need any assistance we will be available for you. Latin Quarter/Saint Germain de Pres steps away from Notre Dame, Saint Michel Fountain in the 6th arrondissement in the famous Saint Germain sorrounded by cafes and brasseries restaurants and pubs.  Please arrive by taxi if you want a smooth check in otherwise we ask you to call us when yo
14714	Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay in a comfortable all furnished studio in the fashion and chic part of Paris: Saint Honoré/ Tuileries Gardens/ Louvre... It is a cute studio on last floor of nice old parisian building right in the center of Paris, just near rue Saint Honoré, the Tuileries Garden, Louvre Museum, the Opéra etc... The main room under the roofs has a kitchen/living room corner, and a real double bed.  The windows offer a beautiful view : from there, you can see the Eiffel Tower, the Opéra, and the charming and famous parisian roofs.  Fully furnished. Equipped kitchen with cooking hardware, nespresso, boiler, toaster, bathroom with bathtube and toilets, washer/dryer etc...). The apartment is located on the 6th floor with elevator going up to the 5th floor. The last floor will be the opportunity to compensate for all the croissants you've been eating :-) Find just by the corner the fashionable and chic Rue Saint Honoré and g	Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay in a comfortable all furnished studio in the fashion and chic part of Paris: Saint Honoré/ Tuileries Gardens/ Louvre... It is a cute studio on last floor of nice old parisian building right in the center of Paris, just near rue Saint Honoré, the Tuileries Garden, Louvre Museum, the Opéra etc... The main room under the roofs has a kitchen/living room corner, and a real double bed.  The windows offer a beautiful view : from there, you can see the Eiffel Tower, the Opéra, and the charming and famous parisian roofs.  Fully furnished. Equipped kitchen with cooking hardware, nespresso, boiler, toaster, bathroom with bathtube and toilets, washer/dryer etc...). The apartment is located on the 6th floor with elevator going up to the 5th floor. The last floor will be the opportunity to compensate for all the croissants you've been eating :-) Find just by the corner the fashionable and chic Rue Saint Honoré and g
14715	Build with love and taste, this apartment respond to any person who wants to feel at home. Like a huge suite, feel this space of comfort.	Marvellous 78sqm apartment to rent for 4 people in Paris close to the Palais des Tuileries. A very comfortable and spacious 3-room apartment, decorated with much taste, situated in a privileged area from where you can easily walk to discover so ma Build with love and taste, this apartment respond to any person who wants to feel at home. Like a huge suite, feel this space of comfort. Everything! As much as you want You can't be closer to the Parisian style! Right next to Rue St Honoré, enjoy the be right in the center of Paris. By Taxi, Metro (ligne 1) and many buses
14716		Three bedroom and two bathrooms completely refurbished apt situated on 2nd floor with elevator in the 1st area of Paris. Very light and comfortable sitting room with dining table for 6 people. Separated equiped kitchen with cuttlery.
14717	One of the best locations in Paris on the right bank steps to famous Saint Honoree!  This wonderful flat is approximately  70 sq/ m is located on rue de la Sourdière very close to the Tuileries, the Louvre, Palais Royal, Avenue de l'Opera and Place Vendome!.  The unit is conveniently located on the first floor (actually second level) with no elevator.  This home is ideal for a short visit or an extended stay in Paris. The kitchen is well  equipped  with everything you need to prepare the delights discovered at the numerous local farmers markets or nearby grocery stores. The dining area room is large with a table comfortably seating 6 people and a living room with two sofas ( not a sofa bed) and ornamental fireplace. An  feature is the two baths…one a full bath with shower, toilet and sink while the master suite provides its own toilet and sink. The master suite also features a double closets and a queen size bed! The second bedroom has queen size but plus ample closet space.  Both bedr	One of the best locations in Paris on the right bank steps to famous Saint Honoree!  This wonderful flat is approximately  70 sq/ m is located on rue de la Sourdière very close to the Tuileries, the Louvre, Palais Royal, Avenue de l'Opera and Place V One of the best locations in Paris on the right bank steps to famous Saint Honoree!  This wonderful flat is approximately  70 sq/ m is located on rue de la Sourdière very close to the Tuileries, the Louvre, Palais Royal, Avenue de l'Opera and Place Vendome!.  The unit is conveniently located on the first floor (actually second level) with no elevator.  This home is ideal for a short visit or an extended stay in Paris. The kitchen is well  equipped  with everything you need to prepare the delights discovered at the numerous local farmers markets or nearby grocery stores. The dining area room is large with a table comfortably seating 6 people and a living room with two sofas ( not a sofa bed) and ornamental fireplace. An  feature is the two 
14718	Typical parisian beams, Dressing, Bathtub & Shower, microwave & oven 2 in 1, Nespresso machine, washing machine, TV & Satellite, Internet ...	Live like a Parisian in this romantic flat in the heart of Montorgeuil. Ideal for a couple. You have everything you need: café, restaurants, famous pedestrian rue Montorgeuil (1 min), rue du Louvre (1 min), metro & bus 5 min away max. Welcome home :) Typical parisian beams, Dressing, Bathtub & Shower, microwave & oven 2 in 1, Nespresso machine, washing machine, TV & Satellite, Internet ... Full access Reachable 24/7 for any information or parisian tips & tricks :) The apartment is in a very good location, near all amenities (to eat & drink it's perfect), pharmacies, near rue du Louvre, rue Montorgeuil, Etienne Marcel for shopping, rue Montmartre, rue de Rivoli etc ... Perfect to spend a great time in Paris and find & join all great touristic locations very quickly by foot if you like to walk. BUS: 74 , 29, 85 (Station: Louvre Etienne Marcel) METRO: Etienne Marcel (Ligne 4)
14719	Large furnished studio of 37m ² near the Louvre, Paris 1st arr.  Standing studio on 3rd floor recently renovated by an architect. Found within a beautiful patrimonial architecture building full of character and history. View gives in interior courtyard, very calm and sunny. Spacious and elegantly decorated. Bathroom with Italian shower, big dressing and large leather sofa bed. Kitchen is fully equipped with electrical plates, oven and dish washer. Washing machine, TV and wireless internet. Access to building is very secure with double digit-code. The studio is located in a central point, just 5 mins from the Louvre Museum and 1 min walk from the grandiose Place des Victoires. Close to mini-market and charming restaurants. Stroll off to famous neighborhoods of rue Montmartre and rue Montorgueil that are just a few minutes walk. Perfect for a shopping promenade with their numerous Parisian boutiques and vibrant Paris culture. Closest metros: Palais Royal Musée du Louvre, Bourse, Sentier.	Large furnished studio of 37m ² near the Louvre, Paris 1st arr.  Standing studio on 3rd floor recently renovated by an architect. Found within a beautiful patrimonial architecture building full of character and history. View gives in interior courtyard, very calm and sunny. Spacious and elegantly decorated. Bathroom with Italian shower, big dressing and large leather sofa bed. Kitchen is fully equipped with electrical plates, oven and dish washer. Washing machine, TV and wireless internet. Access to building is very secure with double digit-code. The studio is located in a central point, just 5 mins from the Louvre Museum and 1 min walk from the grandiose Place des Victoires. Close to mini-market and charming restaurants. Stroll off to famous neighborhoods of rue Montmartre and rue Montorgueil that are just a few minutes walk. Perfect for a shopping promenade with their numerous Parisian boutiques and vibrant Paris culture. Closest metros: Palais Royal Musée du Louvre, Bourse, Sentier.
14720	Best and exclusif location in Paris walking distance of the The Ritz, Jardin de Tuileries, Opéra Garnier, Place de la Concorde. Musé du Louvre.  Big living room, dining room, 3 rooms and 2 bathrooms, Full equiped kitchen. Acces to internet WI FI TV cable 	Best and exclusif location in Paris walking distance of the The Ritz, Jardin de Tuileries, Opéra Garnier, Place de la Concorde. Musé du Louvre.  Big living room, dining room, 3 rooms and 2 bathrooms, Full equiped kitchen. Acces to internet WI FI TV cable 
14721	Sublimate loft in the center of Paris, 60m2, 646 square feet. The decoration have just been made by a interior designer.The loft is juste renovated (Juin 2014). It's a very bright place with very big windows and a very high ceiling.parquet flooring,  It sa big open space with a fireplace, a open kitchen fully equipped and marble shower place. Here is all the modern equipment : Internet High speed Wifi, telephone, fmat screen Lcd TV with international channels, DVD Player I pod player.  Perfect localization close from everyting :shops, bus, subway.The neighborhood is composed of upsacale fashion boutiques, restaurants and bistrots. Just minutes away from the Louvre museum, les Halles, the Palais Royal, the Seine,St germain des Pres, the Opera and the Marais, the building itself dates from the 17th. century and has recently undergone complete renovation work. Check in 2pm, check out 11 am. Early check in or late check out IF it s possible will cost you 30 euros more. Direct from  all are	Perfect place to stay in the center of paris Sublimate loft in the center of Paris, 60m2, 646 square feet. The decoration have just been made by a interior designer.The loft is juste renovated (Juin 2014). It's a very bright place with very big windows and a very high ceiling.parquet flooring,  It sa big open space with a fireplace, a open kitchen fully equipped and marble shower place. Here is all the modern equipment : Internet High speed Wifi, telephone, fmat screen Lcd TV with international channels, DVD Player I pod player.  Perfect localization close from everyting :shops, bus, subway.The neighborhood is composed of upsacale fashion boutiques, restaurants and bistrots. Just minutes away from the Louvre museum, les Halles, the Palais Royal, the Seine,St germain des Pres, the Opera and the Marais, the building itself dates from the 17th. century and has recently undergone complete renovation work. Check in 2pm, check out 11 am. Early check in or late check out IF it s possible will
14722	MODERN APARTMENT PRIVATE & INDEPENDENT  COMPRISE OF A LOUNGE AND 1 BEDROOM            LOUVRE/ PALAIS ROYAL AREA This beautiful apartment in a lively area bang in the heart of Paris and within walking distance to the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Tuileries Gardens and the shopping center Les Halles, St. Germain, & the marais .  Trendy decor with wooden floors and furnished in modern style, this apartment is very well equipped with all the necessary comforts for a vacation rental in Paris (Luxury bed & linen, washing machine, flat screen TV, WIFI, fully equipped kitchen). Perfectly located to visit the main attractions of the capital, you will also find a wide selection of shops, restaurants and bars to enjoy the Parisian life. This furnished apartment in Paris can accommodate a couple or two people and is on the 1st floor overlooking the courtyard without elevator.  1st Arrondissement Louvre Apartment sleep 2 only.  One of indisputable advantages of this apartment is its magnificent loc	Stylish 1 bedroom renovated Luxury apartment in a 16th century Inn, on a village like street right in the very centre of Paris. 2 steps from the Louvre Mona Lisa, Buses, Metro, RER Train from Airport & Many shops, Restaurants & Museums.   MODERN APARTMENT PRIVATE & INDEPENDENT  COMPRISE OF A LOUNGE AND 1 BEDROOM            LOUVRE/ PALAIS ROYAL AREA This beautiful apartment in a lively area bang in the heart of Paris and within walking distance to the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Tuileries Gardens and the shopping center Les Halles, St. Germain, & the marais .  Trendy decor with wooden floors and furnished in modern style, this apartment is very well equipped with all the necessary comforts for a vacation rental in Paris (Luxury bed & linen, washing machine, flat screen TV, WIFI, fully equipped kitchen). Perfectly located to visit the main attractions of the capital, you will also find a wide selection of shops, restaurants and bars to enjoy the Parisian life. This furnished apartment 
14723	It a 18 meters square studio all equipped in chatelet. at the  center of the center of Paris. perfect for a short stay. during your stay I will be here.  in general i am working from 8 am to 6 pm.  I will  provide you with a confortable bed, sheets and towel.  5 seconds by walking  from the central subway  station Chatelet . you can walk everywhere and everything is on your doorstep. You have all what you need around, supermarket, restaurants, bars, clubs, no need to take subway or  taxi. You are in the center !!! The musee du Louvre, the cathedral notre dame  and saint Michel  are at 5 min by walking. If you need some information , please  just ask ! 	Hi there. all is about sharing and spend a good moment. I am a cool guy, apen minded and easy going. I will share with you all good plans of the capital and help you discover this magnificient city trought my experiences. It a 18 meters square studio all equipped in chatelet. at the  center of the center of Paris. perfect for a short stay. during your stay I will be here.  in general i am working from 8 am to 6 pm.  I will  provide you with a confortable bed, sheets and towel.  5 seconds by walking  from the central subway  station Chatelet . you can walk everywhere and everything is on your doorstep. You have all what you need around, supermarket, restaurants, bars, clubs, no need to take subway or  taxi. You are in the center !!! The musee du Louvre, the cathedral notre dame  and saint Michel  are at 5 min by walking. If you need some information , please  just ask !  wherever you are in paris all the subway lines and buses bring you directly to central station. the central station i
14724	Large studio with a beautiful sunlight, quiet and a peaceful atmosphere and vibration (yoga and meditation cession inside) in a building with elevator, Internet, elevator,  For 2 people This appartment is located on the very chic rue Saint Honore of Paris, the fashion week area, a paradise for shoppers !  Between Colette, la place Vendôme,  la place du marché St Honoré et le Jardin des Tuileries.  Chloé, Balenciaga, Gucci, Goyard, Hôtel Costes, Hôtel Hyatt et le Mandarin Oriental, Brooks Brothers, Chantal Thomass, Marc Jacobs, Martin Margiela, Hermès, Louis Vuitton... ... and many others, right at your door!     And also:  - Museums: the Louvre just minutes away, the Orsay Museum...  - Monuments: The Tuileries gardens, Palais Royal, Notre Dame, the Opera Garnier ... The Eiffel Tower (which is not in the very center of Paris) is about 20 mn away by metro. The Champs Elysees avenue is less than 5 minutes away by metro.  - Districts: you are in the heart of Paris, next to the Louvre. Clos	Large studio with a beautiful sunlight, quiet and a peaceful atmosphere and vibration (yoga and meditation cession inside) in a building with elevator, Internet, elevator,  For 2 people This appartment is located on the very chic rue Saint Honore of Paris, the fashion week area, a paradise for shoppers !  Between Colette, la place Vendôme,  la place du marché St Honoré et le Jardin des Tuileries.  Chloé, Balenciaga, Gucci, Goyard, Hôtel Costes, Hôtel Hyatt et le Mandarin Oriental, Brooks Brothers, Chantal Thomass, Marc Jacobs, Martin Margiela, Hermès, Louis Vuitton... ... and many others, right at your door!     And also:  - Museums: the Louvre just minutes away, the Orsay Museum...  - Monuments: The Tuileries gardens, Palais Royal, Notre Dame, the Opera Garnier ... The Eiffel Tower (which is not in the very center of Paris) is about 20 mn away by metro. The Champs Elysees avenue is less than 5 minutes away by metro.  - Districts: you are in the heart of Paris, next to the Louvre. Clos
14725	The appt is 47m2, with one very large room divided into two by a wall, plus a big kitchen. Cosy and truly Parisian, with a working fireplace, they do not come any closer to trendy Paris. Perfect for the fashion set. Tuileries metro station (Louvre), is 75m down the road with Opera, Place Vendome, Place de la Concorde, Palais Royale and the Louvre all just a stone throw away. It is a short hop through the park before you're in St. Germain or straight down the Fbg St. Honoré to the Champs Elysee.  There are supermarkets, butchers, a dry-cleaners, post-office etc all nearby and simply one of the best cafés in Paris below. The photo of Colette was taken about 30m from the front door, and the view from the Tuileries shows my street, in the middle, in the distance. There are four different metro stops within minutes of here, comprising six lines, so plus the location, you are never more than fifteen mins away from anywhere really.  Please note that some of the comments left were from my old 	The appt is 47m2, with one very large room divided into two by a wall, plus a big kitchen. Cosy and truly Parisian, with a working fireplace, they do not come any closer to trendy Paris. Perfect for the fashion set. Tuileries metro station (Louvre), is 75m down the road with Opera, Place Vendome, Place de la Concorde, Palais Royale and the Louvre all just a stone throw away. It is a short hop through the park before you're in St. Germain or straight down the Fbg St. Honoré to the Champs Elysee.  There are supermarkets, butchers, a dry-cleaners, post-office etc all nearby and simply one of the best cafés in Paris below. The photo of Colette was taken about 30m from the front door, and the view from the Tuileries shows my street, in the middle, in the distance. There are four different metro stops within minutes of here, comprising six lines, so plus the location, you are never more than fifteen mins away from anywhere really.  Please note that some of the comments left were from my old 
14726	  When you stay in this apartment, you enjoy in the first place the space and the (email hidden)e perfect place to enjoy paris as a tourist like a parisian Discount rates: 2 pers. base: 1-3 nights: 105€/nights - 4-6 n: 98€/nights -  7 nights: 95€ 4 pers. base: 1-3 nights: 118€/nights - 4-6 n: 110€/nights -  7 nights: 99€ A 50 sqm open space apartment including a tatami double bedroom section, a thai influence bathroom with toilet, kitchen area with fridgefreezer, oven, micro wave...and a double sofa bed in the living room  1 min from chatelet les halles transportation hub :subway (phone number hidden); RER A (for Disneyland paris); B (for Roissy and Orly airport) and D, buses. By foot: 1 min from Forum des Halles 5 mins from pompidou museum and marais, 2 mins from montorgueil fashion district, 7 mins from louvre, tuileries garden, palais royal and the japanese district you have tons of restaurants, cafés and bars around the apartment. Direct to Disneyland paris by RER A. Direct to Char	  When you stay in this apartment, you enjoy in the first place the space and the (email hidden)e perfect place to enjoy paris as a tourist like a parisian Discount rates: 2 pers. base: 1-3 nights: 105€/nights - 4-6 n: 98€/nights -  7 nights: 95€ 4 pers. base: 1-3 nights: 118€/nights - 4-6 n: 110€/nights -  7 nights: 99€ A 50 sqm open space apartment including a tatami double bedroom section, a thai influence bathroom with toilet, kitchen area with fridgefreezer, oven, micro wave...and a double sofa bed in the living room  1 min from chatelet les halles transportation hub :subway (phone number hidden); RER A (for Disneyland paris); B (for Roissy and Orly airport) and D, buses. By foot: 1 min from Forum des Halles 5 mins from pompidou museum and marais, 2 mins from montorgueil fashion district, 7 mins from louvre, tuileries garden, palais royal and the japanese district you have tons of restaurants, cafés and bars around the apartment. Direct to Disneyland paris by RER A. Direct to Char
14727		Please check availability with us before making a book here. 
14728		In the heart of Paris , the  first area is the cultural and historic part of the capital
14729	Best location in a newly renovated apartment! The apartment is featuring a fully equipped big kitchen, 2 bedrooms, two full bathrooms and a living room with a triple sofa and a dinning table for 6.  Between fashionable Saint Honoré, trendy Marché du Saint Honoré, just one block away from high end Place Vendôme and 5min of walk to Opera and Louvre you will feel all Parisian glamour and glow!	Best location in a newly renovated 2 bed - 2 full bathrooms apt! Between fashionable Saint Honoré, trendy Marché du Saint Honoré, just one block away from high end Place Vendôme and 5min of walk to Opera and Louvre you will feel all Parisian glamour! Best location in a newly renovated apartment! The apartment is featuring a fully equipped big kitchen, 2 bedrooms, two full bathrooms and a living room with a triple sofa and a dinning table for 6.  Between fashionable Saint Honoré, trendy Marché du Saint Honoré, just one block away from high end Place Vendôme and 5min of walk to Opera and Louvre you will feel all Parisian glamour and glow! You will get the best out of the Parisian life style ! There are two metro stations within 300 meters, Pyramides and Tuileries. The best way to get around Paris and all sightseeings!
14730	It is built around an inner courtyard, allowing for a lot of light through tall elegant windows. There is one bedroom with a queen sized bed and an en suite bathroom.	This is a charming quiet one bedroom flat in a 17th century building right in the centre of Paris, next to the Louvre Museum. It is architecturally interesting, well decorated and superbly located. The neighbourhood has a genuine Parisian ambiance. It is built around an inner courtyard, allowing for a lot of light through tall elegant windows. There is one bedroom with a queen sized bed and an en suite bathroom. The guests have access to the whole apartment. The apartment is wonderfully located just off the chic rue Saint Honore and is walking distance from many major Paris attractions: The Louvre, Pont des Arts (love bridge), Pompidou Centre, Jardin des Tuileries and Notre Dame. The area is full of charming, trendy and elegant and truely Parisian cafes and restaurants. We will be more than happy to recommend our favourites. Greatly located for shopping as well, Christian Louboutin's boutique is across the street. The pedestrian rue Montorgueil is less than 10 min away - renowned for i
14731	Modern baroque designer apartment facing the river Seine and the Pont Neuf, 50 meters away from Le Louvre Museum. -Large living room with sweeping views of the river Seine including working fireplace, marble bar, dining table for 6 people -Open kitchen with induction cooktop, conventional oven, microwave, dishwasher, Nespresso machine stocked with coffee capsules -Master Bedroom with round kingsize bed, vanity area, soak-in bathtub and baroque fresco ceiling -Bath and shower room with rain shower, Italian marble tiling and mosaic throughout -Gold power room featuring genuine 24k gold mosaic floors and gold leaf walls -Furnished throughout with the highest European designer furniture: Knoll, Poltrona Frau, Minotti, Moroso, Moooi   -Air conditioned bedroom -Calvin Klein towels and bathrobes  -Egyptian cotton sheets with 500 threadcount -Laundry with washing machine and dryer -The apartment is on the 2nd floor (3rd floor for North Americans) accessible through 2 flights of stairs. Sorry, 	Modern baroque designer apartment facing the river Seine and the Pont Neuf, 50 meters away from Le Louvre Museum. -Large living room with sweeping views of the river Seine including working fireplace, marble bar, dining table for 6 people -Open kitchen with induction cooktop, conventional oven, microwave, dishwasher, Nespresso machine stocked with coffee capsules -Master Bedroom with round kingsize bed, vanity area, soak-in bathtub and baroque fresco ceiling -Bath and shower room with rain shower, Italian marble tiling and mosaic throughout -Gold power room featuring genuine 24k gold mosaic floors and gold leaf walls -Furnished throughout with the highest European designer furniture: Knoll, Poltrona Frau, Minotti, Moroso, Moooi   -Air conditioned bedroom -Calvin Klein towels and bathrobes  -Egyptian cotton sheets with 500 threadcount -Laundry with washing machine and dryer -The apartment is on the 2nd floor (3rd floor for North Americans) accessible through 2 flights of stairs. Sorry, 
14732	This sunny studio is situated in the very heart of the capital, on the Rue Saint Honoré, on the corner of Rue des Pyramides, where the golden statue of Joan of Arc is situated, and just in front of the Louvre Museum. Both ‘Place de la Concorde’ at the bottom of the ‘Champs-Elysées’ and the famous church of ‘La Madeleine’ are just a block away. It is the most elegant area of Paris, with famous fashion stores, such as Hermès, Lanvin, Gucci, Christian Dior and Chanel. The most reputable jewelers can be found around Place Vendôme (just a few blocks down the street): Cartier, Boucheron, Van Cleef and Chaumet, to name but a few. And after you have feasted your eyes on all this beauty, why not stop off at the Ritz hotel for tea! If you are a museum lover, the Louvre, the musée d’Orsay as well as the petit and the grand Palais are all a very short walk away. This large studio is situated on the 6th floor of an elegant 19th century building that has just been renovated. It is accessible by elev	Elegant, spacious studio under the roofs of Paris , just around the corner from the Louvre museum, the jardin des TUILERIES and the Seine. Sunny and calm with easy access to all the famous Paris attractions and shops This sunny studio is situated in the very heart of the capital, on the Rue Saint Honoré, on the corner of Rue des Pyramides, where the golden statue of Joan of Arc is situated, and just in front of the Louvre Museum. Both ‘Place de la Concorde’ at the bottom of the ‘Champs-Elysées’ and the famous church of ‘La Madeleine’ are just a block away. It is the most elegant area of Paris, with famous fashion stores, such as Hermès, Lanvin, Gucci, Christian Dior and Chanel. The most reputable jewelers can be found around Place Vendôme (just a few blocks down the street): Cartier, Boucheron, Van Cleef and Chaumet, to name but a few. And after you have feasted your eyes on all this beauty, why not stop off at the Ritz hotel for tea! If you are a museum lover, the Louvre, the musée d’
14733	   little apartment in a good location 100m from COLETTE and  from tuileries metro (the first line metropolitan of PARIS),rue saint honore,near OPERA theater,LOUVRE museum, situated in the upper floor with elevator ,one room(double bed),main room one sofabed for 2 and one single bed,one extra single bed,table and chairs ,TV   , one shower room including lavabo and toilet ,kitchen(cooking top,fridge,microwave,washing machine,coffe ,kettle.,toaster,..) ,linen and towel are provided, in the kitchen we often have some coffee  ,some jasmin tea  ,in the fridge :few eggs ,some milk ,water and bread for your breakfast   (don't hesitate if we forget something)   about one day renting we extra charge 20e the basic price( from1 to 3poeple) ,additional poeple 20e,maximum 6 poeple,we have also WIFI,we are flexible for arrival and departure time,we don't charge for cleaning but hope you let the house in same shape,for summer(july to september) when the weather is too hot we have a little air conditi	1-3-15mins to Tuileries, Louvre; Concord; Opera; Musee d,orsay; Rue Saint Honore; Face to boutique Colette; 3 supermarkets in few mins    little apartment in a good location 100m from COLETTE and  from tuileries metro (the first line metropolitan of PARIS),rue saint honore,near OPERA theater,LOUVRE museum, situated in the upper floor with elevator ,one room(double bed),main room one sofabed for 2 and one single bed,one extra single bed,table and chairs ,TV   , one shower room including lavabo and toilet ,kitchen(cooking top,fridge,microwave,washing machine,coffe ,kettle.,toaster,..) ,linen and towel are provided, in the kitchen we often have some coffee  ,some jasmin tea  ,in the fridge :few eggs ,some milk ,water and bread for your breakfast   (don't hesitate if we forget something)   about one day renting we extra charge 20e the basic price( from1 to 3poeple) ,additional poeple 20e,maximum 6 poeple,we have also WIFI,we are flexible for arrival and departure time,we don't charge for c
14734	Located in the heart of Paris, it  is within easy reach of some of the most beautiful and world-renowned monuments of Paris whilst also being accessible to the business districts. The surrounding area is home to some of the most famed shopping districts in Paris.  Le Marais Apartments consist of 10 newly renovated and stylish one and two-bedroom apartments in a striking Haussmanian setting. Each apartment comprises a reception area with contemporary style open-plan kitchen, modern appliances and typically Parisian windows capturing lots of natural light, modern bedrooms and a stunning bathroom.  Conceived for the extended stay guests, Le Marais Apartments have been designed to recreate a home away from home certain to delight both the business and leisure traveller alike.  At this location Car parking nearby Direct Dial Telephone Fitness centre nearby Intercom system in apartment Laundry & Dry cleaning services Lift/Elevators Present Secure Entry System In the apartment Air Conditionin	Located in the heart of Paris, it  is within easy reach of some of the most beautiful and world-renowned monuments of Paris whilst also being accessible to the business districts. The surrounding area is home to some of the most famed shopping districts in Paris.  Le Marais Apartments consist of 10 newly renovated and stylish one and two-bedroom apartments in a striking Haussmanian setting. Each apartment comprises a reception area with contemporary style open-plan kitchen, modern appliances and typically Parisian windows capturing lots of natural light, modern bedrooms and a stunning bathroom.  Conceived for the extended stay guests, Le Marais Apartments have been designed to recreate a home away from home certain to delight both the business and leisure traveller alike.  At this location Car parking nearby Direct Dial Telephone Fitness centre nearby Intercom system in apartment Laundry & Dry cleaning services Lift/Elevators Present Secure Entry System In the apartment Air Conditionin
14735		Only 50 meters from the “Jardin des Tuileries”, 25 sqm
14736	St Ho C1 Rue St Honoré 1er arrondissement, métro Pyramides 2 pièces, 35m² environ. Immeuble pierre de taille, gardienne, ascenseur étage : 1er avec ascenseur douche salle de douche douche dans la baignoire salle de bain avec baignoire et WC Cuisine cuisine ouverte, équipée (plaque vitro, micro-o... couchage : 2 lits simples (chambre). Canapé lit (séjour) séjour : séjour avec canapé-lit le plus : calme au coeur de Paris equipements : lave linge, TV, DVD, internet Haut débit... PRIX : 110 €/ jour/ 1 à 2 pers              700 € / semaine             840 € / semaine/ 3 à 4 pers             1930 € / mois             150€ / jour/ 3 à 4 per Option ménage : 50€ SITUES AU COEUR DE PARIS Dans des bons immeubles, les appartements sont confortables et agréables. Vous y êtes comme chez vous ! • Vous disposez de TV couleur, téléphone, lecteur CD... • La cuisine est équipée pour vous permettre de préparer vos repas (micro-onde, cafetière, vaisselle complète...) • La literie est de qualité. Les draps 	St Ho C1 Rue St Honoré 1er arrondissement, métro Pyramides 2 pièces, 35m² environ. Immeuble pierre de taille, gardienne, ascenseur étage : 1er avec ascenseur douche salle de douche douche dans la baignoire salle de bain avec baignoire et WC Cuisine cuisine ouverte, équipée (plaque vitro, micro-o... couchage : 2 lits simples (chambre). Canapé lit (séjour) séjour : séjour avec canapé-lit le plus : calme au coeur de Paris equipements : lave linge, TV, DVD, internet Haut débit... PRIX : 110 €/ jour/ 1 à 2 pers              700 € / semaine             840 € / semaine/ 3 à 4 pers             1930 € / mois             150€ / jour/ 3 à 4 per Option ménage : 50€ SITUES AU COEUR DE PARIS Dans des bons immeubles, les appartements sont confortables et agréables. Vous y êtes comme chez vous ! • Vous disposez de TV couleur, téléphone, lecteur CD... • La cuisine est équipée pour vous permettre de préparer vos repas (micro-onde, cafetière, vaisselle complète...) • La literie est de qualité. Les draps 
14737		       Our studio is located at the very center of Paris, next to the Louvres, rue de Rivoli, 
14738		tre beau studio situe au 21 rue montorgueil 75001 paris metro chatelet les halls possible de dormir 3 ou 4 pers meuble tout equipe  telephon au (phone number hidden)
14739		Cette location se divise en 2 appartements indépendants : un appartement 3 chambres et un studio.Ces 2 appartements sont situés au même étage... Et en plein coeur de Paris !
14740	DESCRIPTION Everything is brand new as our apartment was recently (August 2014) renovated and tastefully decorated by a local architect.  Our apartment is situated on the 1st French/UK floor (2nd US floor) of a historical residential building dating back to XVI century. Our windows are facing a quiet pedestrian street - rue des Orfèvres.  SLEEPS up to 5 people. Minimum stay - 3 nights. During the New Year period - 5 nights. Sometimes we accept 1- and 2-night bookings but only to fill in a gap between two existing bookings.  WE PROVIDE (items included in the daily price):     FREE wi-fi internet     FREE international calls to fixed lines     Queen-size bed (160x200cm) in the bedroom     Double sofa-bed (140x200) in the living room     Single sofa-bed (110x180) in the living room     Quality bedding and linen      Set of 3 towels per person     Hair-dryer     Iron/iron board     All necessary kitchen appliances Electricity and utilities are included in the price.  The apartment surface 	Enjoy a modern one bedroom apartment in a historical building located between NOTRE DAME de PARIS and the LOUVRE, a few steps from the Seine embankment in front of the Conciergerie (part of the former royal palace, now known as the Palace of Justice) DESCRIPTION Everything is brand new as our apartment was recently (August 2014) renovated and tastefully decorated by a local architect.  Our apartment is situated on the 1st French/UK floor (2nd US floor) of a historical residential building dating back to XVI century. Our windows are facing a quiet pedestrian street - rue des Orfèvres.  SLEEPS up to 5 people. Minimum stay - 3 nights. During the New Year period - 5 nights. Sometimes we accept 1- and 2-night bookings but only to fill in a gap between two existing bookings.  WE PROVIDE (items included in the daily price):     FREE wi-fi internet     FREE international calls to fixed lines     Queen-size bed (160x200cm) in the bedroom     Double sofa-bed (140x200) in the living room     Sing
14741	Vaste 4 pièces de 88 mètres carrés de surface habitable dans la plus pure tradition des anciens appartements  bourgeois avec cheminée d’époque et parquets en points de Hongrie en harmonieux contraste avec une décoration  très contemporaine et des équipements high Tech  neufs. Immeuble situé dans une petite rue calme et dans un quartier de très  bonne fréquentation  Appartement traversant avec belle  lumière naturelle permanente, grâce aux  larges baises vitrées dans toutes les pièces. 	"totalement rénové en 2013 avec équipements et mobilier. Décoration personnalisée, cheminée et objets ""vintage"" pour cet appartement familial de 4 pièces situé en plein centre de Paris dans une petite rue calme à 400 mètres du musée du Louvre Vaste 4 pièces de 88 mètres carrés de surface habitable dans la plus pure tradition des anciens appartements  bourgeois avec cheminée d’époque et parquets en points de Hongrie en harmonieux contraste avec une décoration  très contemporaine et des équipements high Tech  neufs. Immeuble situé dans une petite rue calme et dans un quartier de très  bonne fréquentation  Appartement traversant avec belle  lumière naturelle permanente, grâce aux  larges baises vitrées dans toutes les pièces. l'appartement est en usage exclusif, de plus tous les équipements nécessaires à la vie quotidienne sont disponibles y compris four, lave linge, sèche linge, internet avec WIFI Vous êtes seuls occupants de l'appartement mais je reste disponible à tous moments pour inte"
14742	The apartment is in duplex and very close to the Museum Le Louvre, Opéra Garnier, Galerie Lafayette and many other places that have to be visited.   The apartment is good for two people who want spend their weekend in Paris.  There is on the ground floor on the apartment a small kitchen furnished. The first floor is composed of the bathroom and the living room/bedroom with TV and enough space to put your luggages.	"Charming apartment well located in the heart of Paris with an easy access to the Louvre, Opera, Galerie Lafayette, Place Vendôme, les Champs Elysées.  A good localisation for your weekend in Paris. The apartment is in duplex and very close to the Museum Le Louvre, Opéra Garnier, Galerie Lafayette and many other places that have to be visited.   The apartment is good for two people who want spend their weekend in Paris.  There is on the ground floor on the apartment a small kitchen furnished. The first floor is composed of the bathroom and the living room/bedroom with TV and enough space to put your luggages. You will have access to the whole apartment. I will be available by phone if you need something. The advantage here is that the apartment is very well located with an easy access to many attractive places. Metro 14 from gare de lyon or gare st Lazarre ( Stop: Pyramides)  RER A : stop ""Auber"" if you come from Charles de Gaulle airport  From Orly airport: take the Tramway ""T7"" until "
14743	TRADUIRE CETTE DESCRIPTION EN FRANÇAIS Comfortable furnished studio in the center of Paris on rue Saint-Honoré (the 1st arrondissement of the French capital). Due to its location the studio will be a very good accommodation for your Paris vacation. The apartment has attractive quality furniture, surface area - 30 square meters; capacity - two tenants; the 1st French floor of a building. Minimum rental period of the studio - 2 days. Light living room with a pull-out double bed, closet, desk, chair, table, TV; equipped kitchen; bathroom; toilet. This studio for rent is in the very center of Paris near the Louvre, Tuileries Gardens, Place Vendome and other popular tourist sights. Metro: Lines 1, 8, 12 - Concorde	Comfortable furnished studio in the center of Paris on rue Saint-Honoré(the 1st arrondissement of the French capital).Due to its location the studio will be a very good accommodation for your Paris vacation. Safe area may park your car on the street. TRADUIRE CETTE DESCRIPTION EN FRANÇAIS Comfortable furnished studio in the center of Paris on rue Saint-Honoré (the 1st arrondissement of the French capital). Due to its location the studio will be a very good accommodation for your Paris vacation. The apartment has attractive quality furniture, surface area - 30 square meters; capacity - two tenants; the 1st French floor of a building. Minimum rental period of the studio - 2 days. Light living room with a pull-out double bed, closet, desk, chair, table, TV; equipped kitchen; bathroom; toilet. This studio for rent is in the very center of Paris near the Louvre, Tuileries Gardens, Place Vendome and other popular tourist sights. Metro: Lines 1, 8, 12 - Concorde Donner libre accès à l'Interne
14744	Appartement moderne dans un bâtiment avec beaucoup de charme (escalier Henri IV) 	It is a very unique lovely apartment, combining both character from the old times and modern utilities! Exposed beams, wooden floor,... And it has an amazing location, right next to St Michel, but very quiet at the same time (in a courtyard)
14745	In the heart of Paris, at 100m from the Louvre Museum, the Royal Palace and at 10mn from Opera, in a 17th century building fully renovated, 1st floor with lift, charming studio, 35m2 (350sq.f), very well decorated with beams and stones, fully equipped kitchen with washing machine and micro-waves oven, modern bathroom with bathtub, Tel, TV. High speed Internet - Sleeps : 2 people. Metro : Louvre or Palais-Royal, Line 1 - RER: Chatelet-Les-Halles, Lines A and B	In the heart of Paris, at 100m from the Louvre Museum, the Royal Palace and at 10mn from Opera, in a 17th century building fully renovated, 1st floor with lift, charming studio, 35m2 (350sq.f), very well decorated with beams and stones, fully equipped kitchen with washing machine and micro-waves oven, modern bathroom with bathtub, Tel, TV. High speed Internet - Sleeps : 2 people. Metro : Louvre or Palais-Royal, Line 1 - RER: Chatelet-Les-Halles, Lines A and B
14746		Small appmt (kitchen room+ sleeping/living room ). Fully equipped (owen, microwave, washing machine) + TV+Wifi. Double bed. Located in the center of Paris, 30 seconds from the Louvre and the metro Palais-Royal Musée du Louvre ( line 1 + 7). Elevator
14747	Amazing flat of 50m2 MODERN STYLE in the 8th district on the most fashionable street of Paris. The flat is very bright  and located above the CHANEL boutique and in front of HERMES on the rue du Faubourg St Honore close to Place Concorde, 50m from the French president's house and behind the american embassy. 1 BEDROOM: King size bed with a white wardrobe and a very comfortable mattress 1 LIVING ROOM: A large black leather sofa convertible into a bed for 2 pers + XXL flat screen panasonic HD 3D with XBOX and a large table in black glass for lunch/diner with 4 chairs. KITCHEN: Fridge + Freezer Oven Induction plate Microwave  Washing Machine BATHROOM Bath + WC + Sink EXTRA: TV BY SATELLITE INCLUDING FRENCH/EUROPEAN CHANNELS + RUSSIAN & AMERICAN CHANNELS Playstation XBOX (latest model) FREE INTERNET HIGH SPEED XXL FLAT SCREEN 3D panasonic DVD PLAYER + BLURAY PLAYER LOCATION: 2 min walk to CHAMPS ELYSEES/CONCORDE 3 min walk to TUILLERIES PARK 3 min walk to MADELEINE 10 min walk to the LOUVR	Amazing flat of 50m2 MODERN STYLE in the 8th district on the most fashionable street of Paris. The flat is very bright  and located above the CHANEL boutique and in front of HERMES on the rue du Faubourg St Honore close to Place Concorde, 50m distanc Amazing flat of 50m2 MODERN STYLE in the 8th district on the most fashionable street of Paris. The flat is very bright  and located above the CHANEL boutique and in front of HERMES on the rue du Faubourg St Honore close to Place Concorde, 50m from the French president's house and behind the american embassy. 1 BEDROOM: King size bed with a white wardrobe and a very comfortable mattress 1 LIVING ROOM: A large black leather sofa convertible into a bed for 2 pers + XXL flat screen panasonic HD 3D with XBOX and a large table in black glass for lunch/diner with 4 chairs. KITCHEN: Fridge + Freezer Oven Induction plate Microwave  Washing Machine BATHROOM Bath + WC + Sink EXTRA: TV BY SATELLITE INCLUDING FRENCH/EUROPEAN CHANNELS + RUSSIAN & AMERIC
14748	Calme et très confortable avec un design moderne il bénéficie d’une grande luminosité grâce aux ouvertures sur le toit (6 velux) et à ses nombreuses fenêtres. C’est un appartement chaleureux, idéal pour 1 ou 2 couples, il peut accueillir jusqu’à 6 personnes. Il dispose d’une chambre à coucher avec un lit double, et d’une seconde chambre à l’étage en mezzanine comprenant également un lit double et un convertible. Possibilité de couchage supplémentaire dans le salon avec le canapé.  Nous tenons à votre disposition, un lit bébé, ainsi qu'une chaise haute. Profitez d’un mobilier de qualité choisi avec soin et de nombreux rangements dans toutes les pièces de l’appartement.  Vous avez à disposition une télévision à écran plat, une chaine hifi, ainsi qu’un bureau avec une connexion à l’ADSL et au wifi. Vous pouvez régler le chauffage ou la climatisation à votre convenance grâce aux télécommandes. La cuisine américaine ouverte sur le coin repas est entièrement équipée avec plaques vitrocéramiq	Calme et très confortable avec un design moderne il bénéficie d’une grande luminosité grâce aux ouvertures sur le toit (6 velux) et à ses nombreuses fenêtres. C’est un appartement chaleureux, idéal pour 1 ou 2 couples, il peut accueillir jusqu’à 6 personnes. Il dispose d’une chambre à coucher avec un lit double, et d’une seconde chambre à l’étage en mezzanine comprenant également un lit double et un convertible. Possibilité de couchage supplémentaire dans le salon avec le canapé.  Nous tenons à votre disposition, un lit bébé, ainsi qu'une chaise haute. Profitez d’un mobilier de qualité choisi avec soin et de nombreux rangements dans toutes les pièces de l’appartement.  Vous avez à disposition une télévision à écran plat, une chaine hifi, ainsi qu’un bureau avec une connexion à l’ADSL et au wifi. Vous pouvez régler le chauffage ou la climatisation à votre convenance grâce aux télécommandes. La cuisine américaine ouverte sur le coin repas est entièrement équipée avec plaques vitrocéramiq
14749	In the heart of the amazing Royal Palace neighborhood, near the Louvre museum and the Seine river, this bright and furnished studio apartment can receive two people in a comfortable space, preserved from the city stress.  * The utilization of these various elements listed below are included during your stay :  - Refrigerator  - Place settings and kitchenwares  - Hairdryer  - Clothing iron  - Towels, sheets, blanket  - Wifi, HDTV. No additional fees!  No breakfast included. Check-in : 8 PM during the week, flexible during the week-end.  For more information feel free to contact me. P.S. : The flat is on the 5th floor without  elevator.	In the heart of the amazing Royal Palace neighborhood, near the Louvre museum and the Seine river, this bright and furnished studio apartment can receive two people in a comfortable space, preserved from the city stress.  * The utilization of these various elements listed below are included during your stay :  - Refrigerator  - Place settings and kitchenwares  - Hairdryer  - Clothing iron  - Towels, sheets, blanket  - Wifi, HDTV. No additional fees!  No breakfast included. Check-in : 8 PM during the week, flexible during the week-end.  For more information feel free to contact me. P.S. : The flat is on the 5th floor without  elevator.
14750	In the center of Paris, Les Halles district, halfway between the Louvre and the Pompidou center and 5 minutes from the Seine You are walking distance to Ile St. Louis and Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, Marais, Louvre You are also close to many metro stops which makes it a very practical place to move around Paris,  This is truly a perfect place for a large group a friends or family wanting a confortable place to stay.  The apartment has a living room with a sofa bed for 2, 1 bedroom with 1 double bed, there are 2 mezzanines (1.40m high) with 4 single beds, 2 bathroom : 1 bathroom with bathtub and toilet, 1 bathroom with shower and toilet, a fully equipped kitchen (stove, laundry machine, microwave, kettle, toaster , coffee maker, dishes etc.) linens and towels are provided. Check in from 14:00pm   and check out is at 11:00 am	Appreciate the feeling of being home, and enjoy the comfort and calm of my fully renovated apartment. Our flats are ideally located in the heart of Paris, on the border of the famous Marais area, near the Centre Georges Pompidou, les Halles   In the center of Paris, Les Halles district, halfway between the Louvre and the Pompidou center and 5 minutes from the Seine You are walking distance to Ile St. Louis and Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, Marais, Louvre You are also close to many metro stops which makes it a very practical place to move around Paris,  This is truly a perfect place for a large group a friends or family wanting a confortable place to stay.  The apartment has a living room with a sofa bed for 2, 1 bedroom with 1 double bed, there are 2 mezzanines (1.40m high) with 4 single beds, 2 bathroom : 1 bathroom with bathtub and toilet, 1 bathroom with shower and toilet, a fully equipped kitchen (stove, laundry machine, microwave, kettle, toaster , coffee maker, dishes etc.) lin
14751	Located in the heart of the famous rue Montorgueil (pedestrian area) known for its many restaurants on the second floor of a luxury building overlooking quiet courtyard, this luxury apartment consists of two parts has been completely renovated with taste by an architect. It is located in the heart of the capital and can go in many centers of Paris like the Louvre, the Marais, Les Halles and operational within 15 minutes walk. Less than 2 minutes to 3 underground stations with direct access by RER to Roissy Airport and the Disney parks.	Located in the heart of the famous rue Montorgueil (pedestrian area) known for its many restaurants on the second floor of a luxury building overlooking quiet courtyard, this luxury apartment consists of two parts has been completely renovated with taste by an architect. It is located in the heart of the capital and can go in many centers of Paris like the Louvre, the Marais, Les Halles and operational within 15 minutes walk. Less than 2 minutes to 3 underground stations with direct access by RER to Roissy Airport and the Disney parks.
14752	A sublet from March 1, 2014 (for a minimum period of one month), beautiful apartment of 50m2 furnished, beautifully decorated and fully equipped (towels, sheets, dishes, Canal Plus, high speed internet) in the first district of Paris, close to Royal Palace, in the heart of Paris (metro line 1 station or Louvre Rivoli Châtelet or Pont Neuf). This apartment has a beautiful very well exposed with every comfort (sofa bed, dining table, desk, flat screen tv, dvd player blue ray) room, and a small fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, large fridge, oven and microwave, ceramic hob), as well as a room overlooking courtyard and very quiet (with wardrobe, cupboards, flat screen tv and dvd player) and a bathroom. 3rd floor, with code and intercom. Very quiet place but not far from the animations of Paris. Ideal for vacation or anything else. Shops of all kinds nearby. Ideal for: All Transportation Nearby: Station: 3 min walk Bus: 2 min walk Metro / RER: 2 Min walk 	 apartment of 50m2 furnished, beautifully decorated and fully equipped (towels, sheets, dishes, Canal Plus, high speed internet) in the first district of Paris, close to Royal Palace, in the heart of Paris (metro line 1 station or Louvre Rivoli Châtelet or Pont Neuf). This apartment has a beautiful very well exposed with every comfort (sofa bed, dining table, desk, flat screen tv, dvd player blue ray) room, and a small fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, large fridge, oven and microwave, ceramic hob), as well as a room overlooking courtyard and very quiet (with wardrobe, cupboards, flat screen tv and dvd player) and a bathroom. 3rd floor, with code and intercom. Very quiet place but not far from the animations of Paris. Ideal for vacation or anything else. Shops of all kinds nearby. Ideal for: All Transportation Nearby: Station: 3 min walk Bus: 2 min walk Metro / RER: 2 Min walk A sublet from March 1, 2014 (for a minimum period of one month), beautiful apartment of 50m2 furnished,
14753	La Royale Du Marché is an elegantly furnished 1 bedroom apartment in a great local neighborhood of the 1st District. 1 block walk to the historic Rue Montorgueil Market Street. Overlooking a charming partly-pedestrian street, you are in the heart of it all ! Located on the border of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Arrondissements, you will have the pleasure of enjoying 3 wonderful neighborhoods of Paris. The 1st arrondissement includes The Louvre Museum, Tuileries Gardens, the shops on Rue Rivoli , Place Concorde and the shopping area of Les Halles,. The 2nd arrondissement includes the historic market street of Rue Montorgueil, steps from the apartment. Also the covered passageways and galleries of the Belle Epoque era including Passage Des Panoramas. The 3rd Arrondissement is the North Marais district including the Georges Pompidou Modern Art Museum, gourmet food shopping on Rue Rambuteau and Rue De Bretagne, the open air market of Les Enfants Rouges, and museums such as Picasso, Carnavalet, Jew	This elegantly furnished 1 bedroom apartment is in a great local neighborhood of the 1st District, near the Louvre, Palais Royale, Market Street Rue Montorgueil, Centre George Pompidou , The Marais and more ! Can sleep up to 4 guests. La Royale Du Marché is an elegantly furnished 1 bedroom apartment in a great local neighborhood of the 1st District. 1 block walk to the historic Rue Montorgueil Market Street. Overlooking a charming partly-pedestrian street, you are in the heart of it all ! Located on the border of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Arrondissements, you will have the pleasure of enjoying 3 wonderful neighborhoods of Paris. The 1st arrondissement includes The Louvre Museum, Tuileries Gardens, the shops on Rue Rivoli , Place Concorde and the shopping area of Les Halles,. The 2nd arrondissement includes the historic market street of Rue Montorgueil, steps from the apartment. Also the covered passageways and galleries of the Belle Epoque era including Passage Des Panoramas. The 3rd Arrond
14754	Very nice, bright and spacious room (20m2) in a charming 3-room-apartment in the heart of Paris. (It's only a room, you share the bathroom, kitchen with us). The apartment is on the 5th floor, under the roof. The room is equipped with two single beds (2x 90x200cm), a commode and table.  Sheets and towels are included in the price. Breakfast is not included in the price. But you can take coffee and tea.  There is a spacious living room (30m2/320ft2), a fully equipped kitchen with nespresso machine, microwave, juicer, washing machine.  Free high-speed wifi The apartment is within a few minutes walk from the Louvre, jardin de tuileries, the shopping centers Lafayette, Printemps. You can discover Paris by foot or you have easy access to the métro stations Opéra, Tuileries, 4 Septembre and Pyramides which are nearby.  It's a very safe area even at night and the perfect place to start your sightseeing tour.  In July and August depending on the outside temperature it can be hot. There is no a	Nice, bright, spacious room in an apartment in a real parisian building, in the heart of paris within walking distance to places like the Louvre, Opéra, jardin de tuileries and the the shopping centers Lafayette, Printemps.  Very nice, bright and spacious room (20m2) in a charming 3-room-apartment in the heart of Paris. (It's only a room, you share the bathroom, kitchen with us). The apartment is on the 5th floor, under the roof. The room is equipped with two single beds (2x 90x200cm), a commode and table.  Sheets and towels are included in the price. Breakfast is not included in the price. But you can take coffee and tea.  There is a spacious living room (30m2/320ft2), a fully equipped kitchen with nespresso machine, microwave, juicer, washing machine.  Free high-speed wifi The apartment is within a few minutes walk from the Louvre, jardin de tuileries, the shopping centers Lafayette, Printemps. You can discover Paris by foot or you have easy access to the métro stations Opéra, Tuiler
14755	Apartment can accommodate perfectly 2 peoples, can also accommodate up to 4 peoples but being a bit tight. Queen size bed in bed room: large and comfortable for 2 persons. New divan bed in the living room: can accommodate 2 persons. Apartment is completely new ans very clean. Fully equipped kitchen with all essential tools. Cable TV with numerous foreign channels. Very fast Internet/Wifi up to 100 méga . Washing and drying machine. Statut B&B: Breakfast is included in the price !	Refait à neuf, confortable, très calme et situé en plein centre de Paris. À moins de 2 minutes à pieds du Louvre, Palais Royal et 5min du Metro et RER. Un quartier riche en sorties (restaurants, bars), commerces de proximité.  Vous allez adorer ! Apartment can accommodate perfectly 2 peoples, can also accommodate up to 4 peoples but being a bit tight. Queen size bed in bed room: large and comfortable for 2 persons. New divan bed in the living room: can accommodate 2 persons. Apartment is completely new ans very clean. Fully equipped kitchen with all essential tools. Cable TV with numerous foreign channels. Very fast Internet/Wifi up to 100 méga . Washing and drying machine. Statut B&B: Breakfast is included in the price ! En cas de besoin mes parent qui sont sur le même palier auront le plaisir vous servir de consigne pour vos bagages. Le musée du Louvre est au bout de la rue. La rue se trouve à droite de la place des victoires, face au palais royal et derrière le centre commerciale de
14756	It is an old stone building from the 18th century. The apartment is located on the second floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and has views on an inner courtyard. This studio of 40 square meters opens up on a large living room. With is parquet, fireplace and large windows facing south, the atmosphere is very soft and elegant. The living room is made up of an open kitchen with a fridge, a micro-wave, a bar and stools, a 140 cm convertible sofa, and a dining table. The bathroom is equipped with a bathroom and a washer. The toilets are separate. The bathroom is in another room, open not closed. It features a 140 cm double bed and a large wardrobe.	In this prestigious and touristic area, enjoying a calm studio of 45 square meters is a luxury. Fully-equipped and with the capacity to host up to 4 people, you will quickly feel at home in this large studio. It is an old stone building from the 18th century. The apartment is located on the second floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and has views on an inner courtyard. This studio of 40 square meters opens up on a large living room. With is parquet, fireplace and large windows facing south, the atmosphere is very soft and elegant. The living room is made up of an open kitchen with a fridge, a micro-wave, a bar and stools, a 140 cm convertible sofa, and a dining table. The bathroom is equipped with a bathroom and a washer. The toilets are separate. The bathroom is in another room, open not closed. It features a 140 cm double bed and a large wardrobe. Housing one of the world’s most famous museums, the Louvre – Palais Royal neighborhood is an ideal place to stroll around in its w
14757	Parisian life 35m2 studio in Paris hyper-center, ideal to welcome young and less young people wanting to smell delicious meals nearby, to shop rue Tiquetonne or to visit the Pompidou museum.  The couch and the low table are here to welcome the noodles of Monthaï, the bed will releave you from drinking at La Coordonerie and the kitchen will help you cook a wonderfoul chicken from the Montorgueil street.  Fresh sheets are waiting for you ! Don't hesitate to contact me for further informations !	35m2 studio in Paris hyper-center, ideal to welcome young and less young people wanting to smell delicious meals nearby, to shop rue Tiquetonne or to visit the Pompidou museum.  Parisian life 35m2 studio in Paris hyper-center, ideal to welcome young and less young people wanting to smell delicious meals nearby, to shop rue Tiquetonne or to visit the Pompidou museum.  The couch and the low table are here to welcome the noodles of Monthaï, the bed will releave you from drinking at La Coordonerie and the kitchen will help you cook a wonderfoul chicken from the Montorgueil street.  Fresh sheets are waiting for you ! Don't hesitate to contact me for further informations !
14758		The studio is located in a place the most beautiful place of the heart of Paris. You can make every things by the walk, Visiting, Shopping, Eating, Drinking.  The studio is quiet, it's a romantic accommodation for your holidays in Paris. 
14759	Appartement en duplex de 50 m2, sous les toits. Il comprend, sur un premier niveau, une grande salle de séjour avec une bibliothèque, un canapé-lit et des fauteuils, une table de salle à manger, une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, machine à café, machine à laver le linge, plancha, etc.) ainsi qu'une salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver le linge. Un escalier intérieur mène, au second niveau, à une chambre avec vue sur les toits de Paris, comprenant un lit double.	Charmant appartement situé dans un immeuble du XVIIIè siècle, à quelques dizaines de mètres du Palais Royal et des monuments du centre historique de Paris (Louvre, Tuileries, place Vendôme, Opéra). Idéal pour découvrir Paris à pied. Appartement en duplex de 50 m2, sous les toits. Il comprend, sur un premier niveau, une grande salle de séjour avec une bibliothèque, un canapé-lit et des fauteuils, une table de salle à manger, une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, machine à café, machine à laver le linge, plancha, etc.) ainsi qu'une salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver le linge. Un escalier intérieur mène, au second niveau, à une chambre avec vue sur les toits de Paris, comprenant un lit double. Aujourd'hui universitaire et ancien guide de Paris, je pourrai vous donner toutes les informations utiles à votre voyage et serai à votre écoute durant toute la durée de votre séjour. Quartier idéal pour se promener dans le centre historique de Paris. L'appartement est
14760	The location is central and in a historical area of The Louvre. Near all shops and activities.  It is very quiet and luminous. 	This apartment of 45 sqm is located in rue de l'arbre sec, right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of the Louvre, Chatelet, the Marais etc..  The location is central and in a historical area of The Louvre. Near all shops and activities.  It is very quiet and luminous.  Wifi, TV Phone and emails Perfect area, you will feel like a real parisian. You can do many things by walk. There are many cafes, restaurants and shops near the flat.  Metro/RER: Chatelet Les Halles, Louvre-rivoli, Pont-Neuf Many buses on Rue de Rivoli. Immeuble sécurise avec code et interphone. Au premier étage avec ascenseur. Donne sur une cour intérieure calme. 
14761		Very beautiful apartment in the heart of Paris. Near the Louvre and the famous rue Saint Honoré. With a lot of space (30m2), you will feel at home. And if you want any advice I will be here. The apartment has two stages (the stairs are a little tight You can contact me whenever you want to, whether to explain you how to use something in the house or what to visit in Paris. the apartment is incredibly located. At two step from the Louvre you will enjoy the best places in Paris. You'll also find the best restaurant of the French capital. 2mn from the metro station, 1mn from the bike and bus station
14762	This stylishly designed 3-bedroom apartment is the perfect location from which to explore all the most popular destinations in Paris. And with sleeping accommodations for up to 8 people, you'll be able to share the fun with all your favorite travelling buddies.	6th floor with lift Colourful and chic apartment in central Paris. There are 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. Comes with everything you need for a comfortable stay. Fully equipped kitchen, coffee machine... Close to any hot spots in Paris. This stylishly designed 3-bedroom apartment is the perfect location from which to explore all the most popular destinations in Paris. And with sleeping accommodations for up to 8 people, you'll be able to share the fun with all your favorite travelling buddies. Wifi Linens and towels Always available for my guests Located across from the Louvre Museum and steps from the Opéra Garnier and the Palais Royal, this apartment puts you right the heart of Paris. Place Vendôme, Place de la Concorde, the Marais neighborhood, the Tuileries Garden, the major department stores and Notre-Dame Cathedral are all just minutes away.
14763	The large and impressive living room has two very confortable sofa bed, large flat TV and dvd player. Large panel of chanels are available. The bedroom is pleasant and cosy, the large queen size bed is new. Lots of rooms for your clothes The dining room is adjacent to the large furnished kitchen. Everything you need for a perfect stay: dish washer, laundry machine, cofee machine, boiler. there is a catalytic oven, vitroceramic stove with four hot plates, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, freezer. All cooking utensils and other small appliances are top quality. The bathroom is pleasant and well furnished. The thub is new and large. The apartment is in the 2nd floor with elevator.	This apartment is very centrally located… almost in the exact geographic center of Paris. It is on a small side street one block from the Chatelet plaza with its beautiful fountain. The apartment is also one block from the quay along the Seine! The large and impressive living room has two very confortable sofa bed, large flat TV and dvd player. Large panel of chanels are available. The bedroom is pleasant and cosy, the large queen size bed is new. Lots of rooms for your clothes The dining room is adjacent to the large furnished kitchen. Everything you need for a perfect stay: dish washer, laundry machine, cofee machine, boiler. there is a catalytic oven, vitroceramic stove with four hot plates, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, freezer. All cooking utensils and other small appliances are top quality. The bathroom is pleasant and well furnished. The thub is new and large. The apartment is in the 2nd floor with elevator. We will stay in touch during your stay, don't hesitate to call me or t
14764	Très sympathique studio au coeur d'un quartie privilégié	Lovely Flat Opera-Louvre -Madeleine &Place Vendôme Lovely Flat. this apartment is 25 meters square 5th floor with Lift. 
14765		Renovated flat with original exposed beams, in a 14th century building located in a quiet street in the heart of Paris, at the junction of the Marais, Beaubourg . Fully equipped, with Internet. Can possibly accommodate up to seven people .
14766	 Bar, 2 Bedrooms double bed,  TV set -upon request,  2 pers. sleeping sofa-upon req.(ext.per),one triple bed (good for big group  or many children), oven,washing machine, coffee machine, boiling kettle,, toaster...etc. in the case you are looking for a car park we can provide you a car park in paris (20 arrondissement of paris)for 17e a day instead of 30e/day in public car park ,for one day renting an extra charge of 30e is aske(for short renting of one day),maximum  9poeple, in the kitchen we often have some coffee,some jasmin tea,in the fridge:few eggs,milk,water and bread for your breakfast.	"Literally 1min - Metro Tuileries, keep on 3-5-15mins -sightseeing spots as below:- -Metro Station ""Tuileries"" Rue de Rivoli, -Tuileries garden, -""Colette"" Boutique, -Rue Saint Honore  Bar, 2 Bedrooms double bed,  TV set -upon request,  2 pers. sleeping sofa-upon req.(ext.per),one triple bed (good for big group  or many children), oven,washing machine, coffee machine, boiling kettle,, toaster...etc. in the case you are looking for a car park we can provide you a car park in paris (20 arrondissement of paris)for 17e a day instead of 30e/day in public car park ,for one day renting an extra charge of 30e is aske(for short renting of one day),maximum  9poeple, in the kitchen we often have some coffee,some jasmin tea,in the fridge:few eggs,milk,water and bread for your breakfast. Literally within 1 min to Metro Tuilleries,keep on 3-5-15mins on foot to those sightseeing spots= -Metro station 'Tuilleries' - Rue de Rivoli, -Fashion Avant-garde street - Rue Saint Honore, -Royal garden previously"
14767	Hi! I’m Bertrand from Paris,  My 50 m2 flat is perfectly located in Paris city centre on famous “rue de Rivoli”. Within a 10-second walk to Châtelet metro station (where you can grab metro line n°1, n°4, n°7, n°11, n°14 and RER A-B-D), this flat is THE place to be if you intent to visit Paris: 5-minute walk to the “musée du Louvre”, 10-minute walk to “Notre-Dame de Paris”, St Michel fountain, Latin district and just in front of “la Seine” and “Ile de la cite”.  You will be right on the biggest Parisian metro hub : “Châtelet-les halles”. Thus, you will easily go to the most beautiful places such as Champs Elysées (5 minutes), Trocadero-Eiffel tower (15 minutes), Opéra Garnier (10 minutes), Galleries Lafayette for shopping (15 minutes), Place de la Bastille (5 minutes), … and many other places! The cherry on the cake, Charles de Gaulle and Orly Airports are 30 minutes away from Châtelet-les halles metro station with RER B. Besides, Paris 1st is a very trendy district with lovely shops an	Hi! I’m Bertrand from Paris,  My 50 m2 flat is perfectly located in Paris city centre on famous “rue de Rivoli”. Within a 10-second walk to Châtelet metro station (where you can grab metro line n°1, n°4, n°7, n°11, n°14 and RER A-B-D), this flat is THE place to be if you intent to visit Paris: 5-minute walk to the “musée du Louvre”, 10-minute walk to “Notre-Dame de Paris”, St Michel fountain, Latin district and just in front of “la Seine” and “Ile de la cite”.  You will be right on the biggest Parisian metro hub : “Châtelet-les halles”. Thus, you will easily go to the most beautiful places such as Champs Elysées (5 minutes), Trocadero-Eiffel tower (15 minutes), Opéra Garnier (10 minutes), Galleries Lafayette for shopping (15 minutes), Place de la Bastille (5 minutes), … and many other places! The cherry on the cake, Charles de Gaulle and Orly Airports are 30 minutes away from Châtelet-les halles metro station with RER B. Besides, Paris 1st is a very trendy district with lovely shops an
14768	Small apartment on 3 floors of 20 m2, atypical, charm, calm and (website hidden) heart of Paris in the 1st district, a few steps from the Place Vendôme, the tile and department stores. Refurbished is his charm that will seduce you! You will find a cozy bedroom with a dressing arriving or leaving your business, using the stairs you will arrive in a beautiful living space with the kitchen and a place to rest. You can borrow the last stairs to get to the bathroom, also remade with new there you will find all the comfort you need.  Note: the apartment is low ceiling and being triplex children are not recommended.	Small atypical triplex in the heart of Paris, quiet and bright, located between the Tuileries, the Louvre, Place Vendome and Opera. Ideal for exploring Paris on foot! Small apartment on 3 floors of 20 m2, atypical, charm, calm and (website hidden) heart of Paris in the 1st district, a few steps from the Place Vendôme, the tile and department stores. Refurbished is his charm that will seduce you! You will find a cozy bedroom with a dressing arriving or leaving your business, using the stairs you will arrive in a beautiful living space with the kitchen and a place to rest. You can borrow the last stairs to get to the bathroom, also remade with new there you will find all the comfort you need.  Note: the apartment is low ceiling and being triplex children are not recommended. The area of the 1st district is very pleasant. Practice because its the center of Paris with easy access to all activities: visiting Paris (Louvre, Tuileries) Shops (Rue Saint Honoré with the legendary boutique Colet
14769	In the heart of paris: historical area of Saint Germain, in the parisian style (poutres apparentes), close to the main touristic sights rive gauche: louvre, quartier latin, pont neuf, pont des arts, furnished, internet access, TV chanels ...   	Cosy flat in the heart of paris (historical area of Saint Germain), charming under the roof, ( min. by foot to saint michel, quartier latin, le louvre ...all furnished, high speed internet, cable TV (+ 100 chanels), 3rd and last floor ... In the heart of paris: historical area of Saint Germain, in the parisian style (poutres apparentes), close to the main touristic sights rive gauche: louvre, quartier latin, pont neuf, pont des arts, furnished, internet access, TV chanels ...    Internet, high speed internet  I live in the same area, feel free to call me / ask anything you may need.   Saint germain is one the most famous area of paris : because it's one of the oldest and one of the most charming : restaurants, charming small streets, perfect place for discovering paris or spending time between lovers, other touristic sights are close : le louvre, pont neuf, pont des arts, saint michel ...       5 min. walk from the metro Odeon or Pont neuf Feel free to call me during your stay I can he
14770	This place has some authentic character to it. It's definitely a part of the Parisian experience. The place is very calm, luminous. Just chill and watch the rooftops. We hope you'll  enjoy and use the fully furnished kitchen. Just be kind enough to replace what you've consumed.	Wether you're travelling alone, with friends, one or two couples, or as a family with children this is the perfect place. It's very functional, cosy confortable. The flat is located within walking distance of the Louvre at the center of the city.
14771	Our superb charming house of 23 square meters is exceptionnally centrally located : on Rivoli street (Metro Palais Royal - Musée du Louvre) - just next to Rue Saint-Honoré for fashion week and few meters to VIP ROOM club or Angelina.  We are in prestigious Haussmannian building  offering an authentic Napoleon courtyard. We will Provide you a luxurious comfort with our great convertible bed with quiet and confidentiality. All functional elements will be free : Wifi, TV, Refrigirator, Micro-wave, Washing Machine, Toaster, Nespresso machine, Towels, shampoo ... We have an extra single bed available. Pictures are coming. 	"Exceptionnally located in the heart center of Paris Individual luxurious charming house Flexible host Our superb charming house of 23 square meters is exceptionnally centrally located : on Rivoli street (Metro Palais Royal - Musée du Louvre) - just next to Rue Saint-Honoré for fashion week and few meters to VIP ROOM club or Angelina.  We are in prestigious Haussmannian building  offering an authentic Napoleon courtyard. We will Provide you a luxurious comfort with our great convertible bed with quiet and confidentiality. All functional elements will be free : Wifi, TV, Refrigirator, Micro-wave, Washing Machine, Toaster, Nespresso machine, Towels, shampoo ... We have an extra single bed available. Pictures are coming. Few meters only from Carroussel du Louvre in an exceptionnal location at the feet of métro station ""Palais Royal Musée du Louvre"" (Ligne 1). Very close to the most beautifull sites of Paris, as Musée du Louvre, Place Colette, Jardin des Tuileries et du Palais Royal, Place "
14772	Stay in the Heart of Paris Set in an high standing 18th-century building, the apartment is located in Paris and is 700 metres from Pyramides Metro Station. Serviced by a lift, it offers an independent studio with contemporary décor, free Wi-Fi.  The apartment is made up of 1 double king size bed of high standard and a sofa bed in the living/sleeping area. It features a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a bath and shower, free toiletries and towels provided. The apartment also includes a kitchenette, which is equipped with hotplates, a fridge and an oven. It comes with a microwave, toaster, coffee machine (Nespresso and standard), kitchenware and an electric kettle. The apartment is 1 km from the Louvre Museum, 2.6km from Notre Dame Cathedral, 4.7km from Eiffel Tower, 2km from Champs Elysées and 1.8 km from Gare St Lazare Charles de Gaulle Airport is 25 km from the property (45 min by car or train). 2nd arr. is highly rated by guests for: opera, family friendly, fashion bargain	Set in a high standing building, the apartment is ideally located 700 meters from Louvre Museum. Serviced by a lift, it offers a contemporary décor, high comfort in a warm atmosphere, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, a fantastic view & Wi-Fi access  Stay in the Heart of Paris Set in an high standing 18th-century building, the apartment is located in Paris and is 700 metres from Pyramides Metro Station. Serviced by a lift, it offers an independent studio with contemporary décor, free Wi-Fi.  The apartment is made up of 1 double king size bed of high standard and a sofa bed in the living/sleeping area. It features a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a bath and shower, free toiletries and towels provided. The apartment also includes a kitchenette, which is equipped with hotplates, a fridge and an oven. It comes with a microwave, toaster, coffee machine (Nespresso and standard), kitchenware and an electric kettle. The apartment is 1 km from the Louvre Museum, 2.6km from Notre Dam
14773	L'appartement est situé au 4e etage, sans ascenseur, il est très lumineux et tout équipé.  Accès à tout l'appartement Je peux vous aider à organiser votre voyage, n'hésitez pas ! je suis disponible par mail et téléphone pendant la durée du séjour. Le quartier est très agréable, même s'il est très touristique. Il est vivant, et dispose de nombreux commerces. Plusieurs ligne de métro à Concorde et Madeleine Nombreux bus Borne velib à proximité	L'appartement est situé au 4e etage, sans ascenseur, il est très lumineux et tout équipé.  Accès à tout l'appartement Je peux vous aider à organiser votre voyage, n'hésitez pas ! je suis disponible par mail et téléphone pendant la durée du séjour. Le quartier est très agréable, même s'il est très touristique. Il est vivant, et dispose de nombreux commerces. Plusieurs ligne de métro à Concorde et Madeleine Nombreux bus Borne velib à proximité
14774	Located right in the heart of Paris, in an historical Palace classified at the Paris Heritage, this luxury apartment renovated by a famous architect is the perfect place to test the Parisian life. This little 2 rooms apartment is situated in the center of everything, the Louvre at a few meters aswell as the Palais Royal with his wonderful garden, the very fancy Etienne Marcel quarter full of shops and boutiques, and the typical market street Montorgueil with the delicious cheese shops, bakeries, butcher shops... Here is the address, if you want to have a look on a map : 5 rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau - 75001 Paris The 2 rooms apartment is just renovated by a famous architect in a very luxury way. You'll have all the comfort you need, internet, free phone calls to more than 90 countries, music, books... On the first floor of the wonderful building with 3 windows on a typical little street, you'll have a very calm and peaceful stay. Beeing right in the heart of the Capital you can walk in a	Located right in the heart of Paris, in an historical Palace classified at the Paris Heritage, this luxury apartment renovated by a famous architect is the perfect place to test the Parisian life. This little 2 rooms apartment is situated in the center of everything, the Louvre at a few meters aswell as the Palais Royal with his wonderful garden, the very fancy Etienne Marcel quarter full of shops and boutiques, and the typical market street Montorgueil with the delicious cheese shops, bakeries, butcher shops... Here is the address, if you want to have a look on a map : 5 rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau - 75001 Paris The 2 rooms apartment is just renovated by a famous architect in a very luxury way. You'll have all the comfort you need, internet, free phone calls to more than 90 countries, music, books... On the first floor of the wonderful building with 3 windows on a typical little street, you'll have a very calm and peaceful stay. Beeing right in the heart of the Capital you can walk in a
14775	This beautiful studio with a refined and clear decoration will quickly make you feel at home. Well-arranged, it provides all the necessary space for 2 people. Its location, near les Halles, is great because it is a bustling neighborhood of Paris. The studio is on the 4th floor of a contemporary building, directly accessible by the elevator. It has views on the Forum des Halles and Sainte-Eustache church. Functional and spacious, this contemporary studio opens up on a hallway leading to every room, including a bathroom with a large shower cubicle, separate toilets and storage areas. The kitchen is opened on the living room and is fully-equipped. The main room, soberly decorated, consists of a dining table, a 140 cm convertible sofa and a flat screen TV. A bay window offers brightness and a stunning view of the old “Ventre de Paris” (“Belly of Paris”). In the old days, Les Halles were a large market supplying the whole city of Paris. Nowadays, it has become a mall called le Forum des Hal	This beautiful studio with a refined and clear decoration will quickly make you feel at home. Well-arranged, it provides all the necessary space for 2 people. Its location, near les Halles, is great because it is a bustling neighborhood of Paris. The studio is on the 4th floor of a contemporary building, directly accessible by the elevator. It has views on the Forum des Halles and Sainte-Eustache church. Functional and spacious, this contemporary studio opens up on a hallway leading to every room, including a bathroom with a large shower cubicle, separate toilets and storage areas. The kitchen is opened on the living room and is fully-equipped. The main room, soberly decorated, consists of a dining table, a 140 cm convertible sofa and a flat screen TV. A bay window offers brightness and a stunning view of the old “Ventre de Paris” (“Belly of Paris”). In the old days, Les Halles were a large market supplying the whole city of Paris. Nowadays, it has become a mall called le Forum des Hal
14776	Wonderful apartment, fully refurbished in 2013, and designed by an architect.  An exquisite blend of modern art and comfort. You will enjoy cooking in the fully equiped kitchen and resting after a long day of sightseeing in Paris.  Apartment with air conditioning. Ideal accommodation for enjoying shopping in Paris, with The famous Place Vendôme on the corner. Please note elevator only goes up to 5th floor and then it is necessary to climb a set of stairs to the 6th floor. Extraordinary location in Paris, close to  The Place Vendôme, The Louvre museum, The Tuilerie's gardens, and The Opera Garnier.	Wonderful apartment, fully refurbished in 2013, and designed by an architect.  An exquisite blend of modern art and comfort. You will enjoy cooking in the fully equiped kitchen and resting after a long day of sightseeing in Paris.  Apartment with air conditioning. Ideal accommodation for enjoying shopping in Paris, with The famous Place Vendôme on the corner. Please note elevator only goes up to 5th floor and then it is necessary to climb a set of stairs to the 6th floor. Extraordinary location in Paris, close to  The Place Vendôme, The Louvre museum, The Tuilerie's gardens, and The Opera Garnier.
14777	Its a open plan fully furnished studio with two big windows over looking a main road, letting in the warm Paris sun. Everything is provided, linen, towels, cutlery&crockery. For guests staying long period of times there is a combine washing/dryer for clothes. A Spacious kitchen makes it easy to prepare meals including fridge, stove and microwave. Modern Bathroom with a shower, toilet and basin. The wooden floor gives the studio a warm welcome feeling.	In the HeartofParis1,you will find yourself in a beautiful calm studio on the 6 Floor,2 windows looking out on Blv Sebastopol.Its walking distance from Chatelet les Halles(RER B).Fully furnished and sleeps 2-4 with a beautiful kitchen&bathroom. Its a open plan fully furnished studio with two big windows over looking a main road, letting in the warm Paris sun. Everything is provided, linen, towels, cutlery&crockery. For guests staying long period of times there is a combine washing/dryer for clothes. A Spacious kitchen makes it easy to prepare meals including fridge, stove and microwave. Modern Bathroom with a shower, toilet and basin. The wooden floor gives the studio a warm welcome feeling. EuroDisney is 30min by train from Chatelet les Halles(RER A). Notre Dames Cathedral is 5 min walk and the famous Pompidou Art Museum can be seen from the studio windows. Being in the Heart of Paris you are close to all the Main Tourist Attractions in Paris. You are 50m from the biggest Metro Statio
14778	Merveilleusement situé au coeur de la capitale dans un quartier historique, appartement clair vaste et confortable. Pour des raisons d'intimité, je préfère recevoir des femmes ou des jeunes filles.	Dans appartement 90m2 du XVIIIème siècle, au 4ème étage avec ascenseur,chambre privée.   16 m2 calme avec fenêtres double vitrage. 2 lits jumeuax A 50 m de la Seine, 5 mn du Louvre, du Musée Pompidou, de Notre Dame et des Halles. Merveilleusement situé au coeur de la capitale dans un quartier historique, appartement clair vaste et confortable. Pour des raisons d'intimité, je préfère recevoir des femmes ou des jeunes filles. .A pied: 10 mn du centre Pompidou, 15 mn du Louvre et de Notre Dame, 20 mn du Marais Restaurants et shopping quartier des Halles Métro 10 mn: Champs Elysée Parisienne de naissance, je peux faire découvrir les curiosités de Paris et donner des conseils de visites et des renseignements historiques. Ce quartier était celui des orfèvres au Moyen âge, ma rue porte le nom de l'un d'eux, mon immeuble datant du XVIII ème siècle est classé monument historique, mais tout prêt il y a aussi la modernité avec l'ensemble des Halles et son quartier branché...la Seine et les bouqui
14779	Duplex de 30m² au sous les toits parisiens avec poutres apparentes, cuisine équipée et salle de bain avec baignoire. Chambre à l'étage avec un lit deux places, possibilité d’installer un grand Hamac dans le salon si vous êtes trois. De nombreux rangements sont à votre disposition. Lave linge à disposition.	Joli duplex de 30m² situé au cœur de Paris. Entièrement équipé,avec une salle de bain avec baignoire et une cuisine. Quartier bien desservi par le métro et le bus, à 5 min a pied du Louvre, du palais royal et de l’Opéra.  Duplex de 30m² au sous les toits parisiens avec poutres apparentes, cuisine équipée et salle de bain avec baignoire. Chambre à l'étage avec un lit deux places, possibilité d’installer un grand Hamac dans le salon si vous êtes trois. De nombreux rangements sont à votre disposition. Lave linge à disposition. Cet appartement est situé en plein centre de Paris, dans le quartier japonais. En marchant cinq minutes vous pourrez aller à l'Opera ou au musée du Louvre. Le quartier est très bien desservi par le métro et les bus: Métro ligne (phone number hidden) Bus : (phone number hidden) RER A
14780	Charmant studio de 20 m² mansardé situé au 6éme étage sans ascenseur dans le 1er arrondissement de Paris, juste à côté du Musée du Louvre et de la Seine. Le studio se compose d'une pièce principale avec 2 fenêtres doubles vitrages donnant sur la seine /le Louvre et les Samaritaines , il dispose également d'un coin cuisine ,d'un canapé lit /table basse/coin bureau avec Wifi et d'une table avec chaise pour manger et pour finir d'une salle d'eau indépendante avec une cabine de douche/lavabo et WC WIFI inclus.	Charmant studio de 20 m² mansardé situé au 6éme étage sans ascenseur dans le 1er arrondissement de Paris, juste à côté du Musée du Louvre et de la Seine. Le studio se compose d'une pièce principale avec 2 fenêtres doubles vitrages donnant sur la seine /le Louvre et les Samaritaines , il dispose également d'un coin cuisine ,d'un canapé lit /table basse/coin bureau avec Wifi et d'une table avec chaise pour manger et pour finir d'une salle d'eau indépendante avec une cabine de douche/lavabo et WC WIFI inclus. Centre de Paris , idéale pour partir à la conquête du vrai Paris à pieds. C'est Stefany qui vous accueillera et vous renseignera Vous êtes dans le centre Historique de Paris  juste à côté du Musée du Louvre , de la célèbre rue Rivoli , du pont des Arts ,de châtelet les halles, bref là où il faut être pour découvrir la plus belle ville de France !!! La station de métro en bas du studio est Louvre-Rivoli, métro n ° 1 Vous pourrez également prendre le RER B depuis l'aéroport jusqu'à Cha
14781	You will be staying in a very attractive artistic studio of 30 square meters at a charming attic, with exposed wood and beamed ceiling. My lovely apartment is on the 6th floor of a historic building of the 18th century. As it is the case with all historical buildings of the historic region of Paris, there is no elevator. Yet, you will enjoy from the window the beautiful view of whole Paris, including the Museum of Modern Art. And you will be enjoying total silence away from the street, while being at the most central place, with the metro at your feet. If you want to cook your meals, there is a fully equipped kitchen with two hot-plates, oven and a fridge. Refresh your self in our big bathroom including a bathtub for you to relax.  The main room includes a double bed and a double sofa-bed for you to rest. There is also a convertible single bed just in case. Wireless internet is available for you for your entertainment and possible work. Also, if you are a musician like me, you can play	This is a great place to pass your lovely vacation. A beautiful and cozy studio, literally at the most central point of Paris, in the heart of Chatelet. My studio is just next to the Metro station and near all the main historic attractions! You will be staying in a very attractive artistic studio of 30 square meters at a charming attic, with exposed wood and beamed ceiling. My lovely apartment is on the 6th floor of a historic building of the 18th century. As it is the case with all historical buildings of the historic region of Paris, there is no elevator. Yet, you will enjoy from the window the beautiful view of whole Paris, including the Museum of Modern Art. And you will be enjoying total silence away from the street, while being at the most central place, with the metro at your feet. If you want to cook your meals, there is a fully equipped kitchen with two hot-plates, oven and a fridge. Refresh your self in our big bathroom including a bathtub for you to relax.  The main room inc
14782	Luxurious fixtures  minutes away from Palais Royal, Louvre, Tuileries gardens and major Department stores Double security access Refined furnishings Real  fireplace Top quality King-size bed Fully equipped kitchen Marble bathroom and shower Separate toilet 	Luxurious centrally located large apartment with refined furnishings King size bed Walking distance to Royal Palace Opera Louvre Tuileries Gardens  Department stores Restaurants, Food stores, Close public transportation to airport/ train stations  Luxurious fixtures  minutes away from Palais Royal, Louvre, Tuileries gardens and major Department stores Double security access Refined furnishings Real  fireplace Top quality King-size bed Fully equipped kitchen Marble bathroom and shower Separate toilet No restriction Internet / free phone / cable TV / WiFi  Reachable by mail and phone Central location with convenient public transportation, numerous good restaurants, food stores, side walk cafés. Prestigious historical sites and monuments:  Palais Royal and Tuileries gardens  Louvre museum /  Seine river banks  Exclusive shopping stores on Faubourg St Honoré/ Rue Royale/ Rue de la Paix/ Place Vendôme Minutes away: Department stores Opéra Place de la Concorde/Champs Elysées: Grand et Petit 
14783	Completely renovated with modern comforts and conveniences, Vue Royale retains its 17th century charm as well. Moulded ceilings crown the living area and large windows overlook the Palais Royal garden and its fountain. The fully equipped kitchen opens to the living area, and there is a dining table which comfortably seats eight. Three bedrooms each host king sized beds and the Three bathrooms hold tubs and overhead showers. Windows provide for lots of light. This spacious apartment hosts four adults. Vue Royale’s amazing location is within easy walking distance of the Louvre Museum, the Left Bank, the Seine, and the art district. The metro is a two minute walk away, making all of central Paris easily accessible.  A Parisian host will greet and assist guests, and, best of all, provide travelers with insider knowledge of the City of Light.	Perfectly centrally located, apartment Vue Royale sits across the gardens from the Louvre Museum and overlooks the gardens of Palais Royal.  In fact, the building housing the apartment was originally part of the Palais Royal.   Completely renovated with modern comforts and conveniences, Vue Royale retains its 17th century charm as well. Moulded ceilings crown the living area and large windows overlook the Palais Royal garden and its fountain. The fully equipped kitchen opens to the living area, and there is a dining table which comfortably seats eight. Three bedrooms each host king sized beds and the Three bathrooms hold tubs and overhead showers. Windows provide for lots of light. This spacious apartment hosts four adults. Vue Royale’s amazing location is within easy walking distance of the Louvre Museum, the Left Bank, the Seine, and the art district. The metro is a two minute walk away, making all of central Paris easily accessible.  A Parisian host will greet and assist guests, and
14784	This 60m2 apartment is located in the center of Paris, between the Louvre and the Opera areas. It is ideally located for people wishing to visit Paris' great monuments: the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Grands Boulevards, the Opera, the Madeleine or St Germain are walking distance. You can also discover the passages of the neighborhood (Passage Choiseul, Passage Vivienne, Passage des Panoramas). Shopping lovers will enjoy the Saint Honoré Street, so as the Montorgueil and Chatelet areas located at a 10 minutes walking distance. Two very close Vélib stations will also allow you to visit Paris by bike. Located on the first floor of a stone building, the apartment overlooks a quiet and clean courtyard. The entrance leads into the main room to which are connected all the others. It includes a sofa, convertible into a double bed. It is equiped with a HD TV. The kitchen is fully equipped with an oven, a washing machine, a dishwasher, a microwave, etc. The bathroom is also equiped with a bath	Very cosy and pleasant flat located in the heart of Paris. Ideal to visit the French capital and its main monuments with friends or family but also if you'd like to do shopping or enjoy parisian food ! This 60m2 apartment is located in the center of Paris, between the Louvre and the Opera areas. It is ideally located for people wishing to visit Paris' great monuments: the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Grands Boulevards, the Opera, the Madeleine or St Germain are walking distance. You can also discover the passages of the neighborhood (Passage Choiseul, Passage Vivienne, Passage des Panoramas). Shopping lovers will enjoy the Saint Honoré Street, so as the Montorgueil and Chatelet areas located at a 10 minutes walking distance. Two very close Vélib stations will also allow you to visit Paris by bike. Located on the first floor of a stone building, the apartment overlooks a quiet and clean courtyard. The entrance leads into the main room to which are connected all the others. It includes 
14785	"Building of good standing. The Paris apartment is located on the interior courtyard on the third floor without elevator. The apartment is very clear and especially calm. Paris apartment of 75sqm consisting of a lounge / dining room and two bedrooms. Completely renovated, this apartment offers great quality furnishment. The living room has a high quality sofa bed for two additional guests. There is a table for 6 and a beautiful kitchen that is fully equipped. The first bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200) while the second has two single beds. The bathroom, accessible independently from both bedrooms and living room, includes a bath with a shower attached to the wall. The toilet is separate. This is a very beautiful apartment which is ideally located with major tourist attractions in the surrounding area, along with many restaurants and of course the most beautiful ""pret à porter"" stores in Paris."	Splendid two bedroom apartment rental in Paris in the 1st district, This is a great place for a family and is close to the famous Louvre museum and its beautiful gardens, the Tuileries. Building of good standing. The Paris apartment is located on the interior courtyard on the third floor without elevator. The apartment is very clear and especially calm. Paris apartment of 75sqm consisting of a lounge / dining room and two bedrooms. Completely renovated, this apartment offers great quality furnishment. The living room has a high quality sofa bed for two additional guests. There is a table for 6 and a beautiful kitchen that is fully equipped. The first bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200) while the second has two single beds. The bathroom, accessible independently from both bedrooms and living room, includes a bath with a shower attached to the wall. The toilet is separate. This is a very beautiful apartment which is ideally located with major tourist attractions in the surrounding area,
14786	Bonjour à tous, Situé à première arrondissement (centre ville), j'ai un chambre à louer pour les vacances. Il est 15m2, très calm et lumière.  3 pas à metro Chatelet - Les Halles avec ligne (phone number hidden) RER A, B, D et beaucoup de bus. C'est très facile à aller la tour Eiffel (15'), l'avenue Champs Élysées (10'-2 station) et autres places,musée du Louvre (5' a pied!!!!),La Seine et Pont Neuf (5')... Hello everyone,  Located in first district (the center), I have a room to rent for the holiday. It's about 15m2, very quiet and calm.  It takes 3 steps to go to metro Chatelet - Les Halles with line (phone number hidden) RER A, B, D and a lots of buses. So, it's so easy to go to Eiffel tower (15'), Champs Élysées (10') and others places,museum Louvre (5' a pied!!!!),La Seine et Pont Neuf (5')...	 Appaterment in first district (the center). It takes 3 steps to go to metro Chatelet - Les Halles with line (phone number hidden) RER A, B, D and a lots of buses.  It's so easy to go to Eiffel tower (15'), Champs Élysées (10') and museum Louvre (5' walk!!!!!)  Restaurant, coffeeshop all around! Bonjour à tous, Situé à première arrondissement (centre ville), j'ai un chambre à louer pour les vacances. Il est 15m2, très calm et lumière.  3 pas à metro Chatelet - Les Halles avec ligne (phone number hidden) RER A, B, D et beaucoup de bus. C'est très facile à aller la tour Eiffel (15'), l'avenue Champs Élysées (10'-2 station) et autres places,musée du Louvre (5' a pied!!!!),La Seine et Pont Neuf (5')... Hello everyone,  Located in first district (the center), I have a room to rent for the holiday. It's about 15m2, very quiet and calm.  It takes 3 steps to go to metro Chatelet - Les Halles with line (phone number hidden) RER A, B, D and a lots of buses. So, it's so easy to go to Eiffel tower
14787	"The 48m2, 3 rooms apartment has just been fully renewed by an architect in a modern style. With an ""american kitchen"" and a living room widely opened to the dining room, it gives the feeling of even a bigger space. 4 people can sleep there, 2 in the bedrooms and 2 in the living room sofa."	"Apartment in the ""Quartier Latin"" just renewed by an architect.  At high floor with a lift, it faces South and has a small and lovely park just nearby. In the heart of Paris a good starting point for the famous walk from Notre Dame to Champs Elysees. The 48m2, 3 rooms apartment has just been fully renewed by an architect in a modern style. With an ""american kitchen"" and a living room widely opened to the dining room, it gives the feeling of even a bigger space. 4 people can sleep there, 2 in the bedrooms and 2 in the living room sofa. Large screen TV, high speed internet, wifi, cable TV free 200 chanels including Skynews, CNN, CNBC, Bloomberg, NHK, Being Sport... Clothes washing machine, Dishes washing machine, kettle, toaster, all cooking equipment. We receive you at a schedule time then we visit the apartment together and show you how all the equipment work. Any question during your stay, you can call us and we will do our best to help you. Paris District 5 is certainly one of the be"
14788	At the 5th floor (with elevator) of a very beautiful Parisian building, this studio of 24m2, ideal for 2 people, will offer you all the comfort which you will need for an unforgettable stay in Paris. Completely renovated, the studio is composed by : - a sleeping area with a bed for 2 people - a living area with a lounge chair, table and TV  - A fully-equipped kitchen : fridge, microwaves,  toaster, Nespresso machine, dining table + 2 chairs - A bathroom with shower, toilets, and hairdryer - 2 balconies with a magnificent view on the Parisian roofs and the Sacré Coeur ! The rent includes the linen and the towels. Internet and WIFI available.	Cosy and bright studio for 2 person in the very center  of Paris (rue des Halles) with an amazing view on the Paris's rough tops and the Sacré Coeur !!! At the 5th floor (with elevator) of a very beautiful Parisian building, this studio of 24m2, ideal for 2 people, will offer you all the comfort which you will need for an unforgettable stay in Paris. Completely renovated, the studio is composed by : - a sleeping area with a bed for 2 people - a living area with a lounge chair, table and TV  - A fully-equipped kitchen : fridge, microwaves,  toaster, Nespresso machine, dining table + 2 chairs - A bathroom with shower, toilets, and hairdryer - 2 balconies with a magnificent view on the Parisian roofs and the Sacré Coeur ! The rent includes the linen and the towels. Internet and WIFI available. Direct access from Châtelet RER B (airport CDG - gare du Nord station), C, D...  Many buses and subways (phone number hidden)...) nearby. Street of Rivoli with a beautiful selection of shops at 50m.
14789	The studio is located on the top floor with no lift but the reward is the a beautiful view. Charming studio in the heart of Paris	I rent when I'm not in Paris my lovely studio. It is  located close to the Louvre Museum, near  Louvre Rivoli or Pont Neuf Metro Station, in the center of Paris, . Quiet street. I takes only those over 30 years because the residence is very quiet. The studio is located on the top floor with no lift but the reward is the a beautiful view. Charming studio in the heart of Paris
14790	This very beautiful studio with a contemporary style has a refined decoration and shows elegance. This is the ideal accommodation for your Parisian stay, in the every chic rue Saint Honoré. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a beautiful building from the 17th century, with no elevator. The warm colored living room is very bright thanks to its large windows. It includes a corner office and a 140 cm convertible sofa and a 80 cm convertible footstool which can accommodate up to 3 people. An equipped American kitchen opens up on the living room. In the bathroom, you will find a shower cubicle and the toilets. The place Vendôme, witness of the Empire glories, is one of the most beautiful squares of Paris. Prestigious ensemble where greatness and harmony reign, it gathers nowadays the finest jewelers. On the place des Pyramides stands the equestrian statue of Jeanne d’Arc. The Jardin des Tuileries is a pleasant green area for walkers, with sculptures, ponds and entertainment for ki	This very beautiful studio with a contemporary style has a refined decoration and shows elegance. This is the ideal accommodation for your Parisian stay, in the every chic rue Saint Honoré. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a beautiful building from the 17th century, with no elevator. The warm colored living room is very bright thanks to its large windows. It includes a corner office and a 140 cm convertible sofa and a 80 cm convertible footstool which can accommodate up to 3 people. An equipped American kitchen opens up on the living room. In the bathroom, you will find a shower cubicle and the toilets. The place Vendôme, witness of the Empire glories, is one of the most beautiful squares of Paris. Prestigious ensemble where greatness and harmony reign, it gathers nowadays the finest jewelers. On the place des Pyramides stands the equestrian statue of Jeanne d’Arc. The Jardin des Tuileries is a pleasant green area for walkers, with sculptures, ponds and entertainment for ki
14791	"A great space in a late 17th century building located in a small pedestrian street between the PLACE DES VICTOIRES and the Quartier MONTORGUEIL in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. The flat is located in the pedestrian zone in the 2nd arrondissement. Off Rue Montorgueil and Rue Montmartre you will enjoy all the great offerings of fresh food, cafés, bars, shopping (Etienne Marcel, Place des Victoires) and is between Le Marais and Rue St. Honoré. Easy to get around: RER/Metro station ""Les Halles-Chatelet"" is about 200m away and gives you perfect access to everywhere within Paris and surrounds. Also, buses are near by. But most people end up walking everywhere because the location is so central. Louvre, Palais Royal, Quartier Montorgeuil or Le Marrais are all reached in a few walking minutes. The flat has been renovated and has an open floor plan. Living/dining area with an open kitchen that has everything you will need: d/w, stove, micro wave, fridge/freezer, cafetière.....  In front of t"	"A great space in a late 17th century building located in a small pedestrian street between the PLACE DES VICTOIRES and the Quartier MONTORGUEIL in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. The flat is located in the pedestrian zone in the 2nd arrondissement. Off Rue Montorgueil and Rue Montmartre you will enjoy all the great offerings of fresh food, cafés, bars, shopping (Etienne Marcel, Place des Victoires) and is between Le Marais and Rue St. Honoré. Easy to get around: RER/Metro station ""Les Halles-Chatelet"" is about 200m away and gives you perfect access to everywhere within Paris and surrounds. Also, buses are near by. But most people end up walking everywhere because the location is so central. Louvre, Palais Royal, Quartier Montorgeuil or Le Marrais are all reached in a few walking minutes. The flat has been renovated and has an open floor plan. Living/dining area with an open kitchen that has everything you will need: d/w, stove, micro wave, fridge/freezer, cafetière.....  In front of t"
14792	My flat is located in the heart of Paris Wonderful and romantic flat with a wall of rocks and beams on the ceiling  The place is small but very comfortable, you have a queen size bed in the mezzanine and a sofa which becomes a queen size bed too The bathroom is equipped with a bath, very good after a long day of sightseeing The terrace has enough place for 4 people having breakfast The flat is on the first floor The Seine is at one block from the flat 	Wonderful location: you can do every touristic places by foot (5 minutes from Notre Dame, Louvre, City Hall...) You can even go to the Eiffel Tower Very charming and typical flat from the XVII with a terrace Equipped with everything you need (laundry, microwave, bath, high speed internet, TV) My flat is located in the heart of Paris Wonderful and romantic flat with a wall of rocks and beams on the ceiling  The place is small but very comfortable, you have a queen size bed in the mezzanine and a sofa which becomes a queen size bed too The bathroom is equipped with a bath, very good after a long day of sightseeing The terrace has enough place for 4 people having breakfast The flat is on the first floor The Seine is at one block from the flat  You have lots of pubs, restaurants, supermarkets, bakery next to the flat  Parisians love to go out in this district Metro and bus stations at 5 minutes 
14793		Welcome to my 29 sq. meters studio in Paris, located in the 1st arrondissement a few steps away from the rue Saint Honoré, Colette, all the designers and the Palais Royal! You can't be more central and I hope you'll enjoy it as much as I do!
14794	Fully furnished aparment in the heart of Paris in the 1st district : 5 min walking to Notre Dame, the Louvre, Saint Germain des près and saint Michel, close to Place des Vosges in le Marais, and the Champs Elysées... 5st floor with elevator 30 sqm with a large terrace with a view on the Seine ! 1 double bedroom Kitchen fully equipped (fridge, oven, micro-waves, coffee machine). Wifi free access Large screen TV Bed linen and towels included. Many shops in the area. Flexible check in  It is very accessible by public transportation at the Châtelet metro station. Direct from all airports Charles de Gaule and Orly with the RER B. and all stations. Gare de l est : ligne 4, gare du nord RER B, gare de Lyon RER A.The stop is Chatelet les Halles. 1 minute away from the house. For more details feel free to ask.	Fully furnished aparment in the heart of Paris in the 1st district : 5 min walking to Notre Dame, the Louvre, Saint Germain des près and saint Michel, close to Place des Vosges in le Marais, and the Champs Elysées... 5st floor with elevator 30 sqm with a large terrace with a view on the Seine ! 1 double bedroom Kitchen fully equipped (fridge, oven, micro-waves, coffee machine). Wifi free access Large screen TV Bed linen and towels included. Many shops in the area. Flexible check in  It is very accessible by public transportation at the Châtelet metro station. Direct from all airports Charles de Gaule and Orly with the RER B. and all stations. Gare de l est : ligne 4, gare du nord RER B, gare de Lyon RER A.The stop is Chatelet les Halles. 1 minute away from the house. For more details feel free to ask.
14795	STANDING The apartment in Paris is a good standing Parisian building. It is located on the 5th and top floor and it is accessible by elevator. The apartment is sunny and quiet with three large windows overlooking a traditional Parisian courtyard. LAYOUT Superb one bedroom Paris apartment on the fifth and last floor of a typical Parisian building. The apartment consists of a small entry that serves the kitchen (semi-open on the living room), toilets and lounge. The kitchen, which is very modern, is fully equipped with high quality equipment. The lounge has a high quality double sofa bed. A coffee table can be mounted to form a proper table for dinner. Accessible from the living room, a small office space allows you to work in peace if necessary. From the living room, you enter the bedroom which is spacious with a double bed 160 * 200. From it, you'll find the small jewel of the flat, the bathroom. Absolutely beautiful with an independent bath and shower and unusual lighting, this is the	Superb one bedroom Paris apartment rental in a typical Parisian building. A place that will greatly contribute to an unforgettable stay in this amazing city thanks to its amazing location, features and design. STANDING The apartment in Paris is a good standing Parisian building. It is located on the 5th and top floor and it is accessible by elevator. The apartment is sunny and quiet with three large windows overlooking a traditional Parisian courtyard. LAYOUT Superb one bedroom Paris apartment on the fifth and last floor of a typical Parisian building. The apartment consists of a small entry that serves the kitchen (semi-open on the living room), toilets and lounge. The kitchen, which is very modern, is fully equipped with high quality equipment. The lounge has a high quality double sofa bed. A coffee table can be mounted to form a proper table for dinner. Accessible from the living room, a small office space allows you to work in peace if necessary. From the living room, you enter the
14796	Appartement sur cours, donc très calme, ce qui est très rare dans Paris.	Charmant petit deux pièces lumineux, a deux pas des jardins du Palais Royale, musée du louvre, du très célèbre quartier Etienne Marcel. Possibilité de visiter Paris a pied à partir de ce petit appartement. Ce logement est tout équipé. Appartement sur cours, donc très calme, ce qui est très rare dans Paris. Deux pièces de 25m2. Petit mais très bien agencé. Malheureusement c'est un appartement SANS télé. Je vous conseille donc de prendre votre ordinateur. Possibilité de me joindre a tout moment par mail. Le meilleur quartier dans Paris.  En plein centre de Paris, ayant accès aux principales lignes de metro. 10 min à pied de Châtelet 2 min à pied de Palais Royale ainsi que Musée du Louvre et le jardin des Tuileries 15 min à pied des champs élysées Les toilettes sont des WC broyeurs, plus généralement appelées « sanibroyeurs », s'apparentent à des toilettes traditionnelles, leur différence résidant dans la présence d'un moteur électrique qui se charge d'évacuer les déchets dans le réseau a
14797	The flat is full of daylight all the year as it is situated in the 3rd floor.  It was completely renovated 1 year ago.	A renovated flat with high ceiling and full of daylight, situated in the very center of Paris, 2 minutes walk from the Famous Louvre Museum, Montorgueil Market and Rue Saint Honoré, the fabulous fashion street. It has a separate bedroom and bathroom, fully furnished kitchen internet and International channel The flat is full of daylight all the year as it is situated in the 3rd floor.  It was completely renovated 1 year ago. The flat is dedicated to the guests with no extra charges (internet, foreign channels, weekly cleaning). Will be delighted to prepare your trip by emails exchanges and will personally greet you in the flat. This area is ideally situated as we can just walk around less than 10 min, to visit most of the famous places (the Louvre, Notre Dame, Le Marais, Saint Germain, Opera house, Champs Elysees..etc). The life is very Parisian, with food Markets, historical boutiques and shops surrounded by dozen of café and Bistros. Most of the lines pass by this area, as it is the 
14798		magnifique studio meublé en plain coeur de paris, très bien situé cartier Saint Eustache les halles équipé rénové disponible de suite pour un semaine un jour ou un mois, possibilité de couchage à 4, cuisine équipé wiffi et télé, dans rue piétonne.
14799	Dans ce studio typiquement parisien, vous vivrez  Paris comme tous les vrais parisiens ! vous pourrez tout faire a pied : cinéma , restaurant , théâtres etc... Une fois couché vous bénéficierez d'un calme absolu tout en étant dans un quartier extrêmement centrale...La décoration est soignée  et très moderne et le studio est neuf entièrement décoré et rénové par architecte en 2015 .	Emplacement unique ! Petit studio décoré par architecte ! En plein centre du 1er arrondissement de Paris dans le triangle Louvre/Opéra/palais royal .. Dans ce petit nid douillet , vous trouverez le calme absolue , avec toutes les commodités a pied ! Dans ce studio typiquement parisien, vous vivrez  Paris comme tous les vrais parisiens ! vous pourrez tout faire a pied : cinéma , restaurant , théâtres etc... Une fois couché vous bénéficierez d'un calme absolu tout en étant dans un quartier extrêmement centrale...La décoration est soignée  et très moderne et le studio est neuf entièrement décoré et rénové par architecte en (phone number hidden)% pour vous Je serai disponible en cas de besoin sur simple appel ou sms ! situation exceptionnelle pour ce logement en plein cœur de la capitale...  Dans le 1er arrondissement de Paris ( triangle Louvres , Opéra , Palais Royal )  dans le nouveau quartier branché  des restaurants japonais et coréens  ... A  2 pas du Métro Pyramides , 3 pas du métro 
14800	Highly modern studio of 20 sqm at the very heart of lively Paris. In the first district, close to Halles, Louvre, Palais-Royal, Tuileries Garden and also the avenue to Opera. The flat is totally refurbished and fully equipped The living room, elegant and design, has a sofa fully convertible to a king size bed (160cm large). Large Flat Widescreen TV, WIFI, Telephone and Hifi system The kitchen, american bar style, is open to the living room and fully equiped with Hobs, Microwave oven, Kettle, Nespresso machine, Refrigerator, Toaster and all kitchen tools The bathroom is separate and has shower, washing machine and toilets The appartment also has a big empty dressing closet where you can store all your clothes and material. It includes Iron & table and a hair dryer Clean towels and bed sheets are furnished 	Very clean and modern studio of 20 square meters in the heart of lively Paris Highly modern studio of 20 sqm at the very heart of lively Paris. In the first district, close to Halles, Louvre, Palais-Royal, Tuileries Garden and also the avenue to Opera. The flat is totally refurbished and fully equipped The living room, elegant and design, has a sofa fully convertible to a king size bed (160cm large). Large Flat Widescreen TV, WIFI, Telephone and Hifi system The kitchen, american bar style, is open to the living room and fully equiped with Hobs, Microwave oven, Kettle, Nespresso machine, Refrigerator, Toaster and all kitchen tools The bathroom is separate and has shower, washing machine and toilets The appartment also has a big empty dressing closet where you can store all your clothes and material. It includes Iron & table and a hair dryer Clean towels and bed sheets are furnished I am always available to help or provide any information. I can be reached at any time either through emai
14801		A fully renovated flat situated in the very center of Paris, less than 2min walk from the famous Louvre Museum
14802	"Located on the 3rd floor, this renovated studio could accommodate 2/3 adults  and a baby ( baby cot is available on request for free) A real Queen bed size on the mezzanine and a sofa bed for an additional guest are available The studio is equipped with a full equipped kitchen  ( Hobbs, washing machine , burner multi functions microwaves, a kettle, a Nespresso coffee maker, a fridge and a basic kitchen set tools) The bathroom is equipped with an hair dryer There is also an LCD and internet Wi-Fi free of charge. All linen and bath towels are including Located in the heart of Paris in the historic LOUVRE district. You can do everything by foot: LOUVRE museum ,Notre Dame cathedral, BeauBourg museum, Place des Vosges, Saint Paul etc....And the Famous market ""the red children"" (oldest market in Paris). In front of the building entrance you will find a velib and autolib station (car and bike rental). If you come with your own car you will find a public parking at the street corner. Many rest"	Charming renovated studio of 18m2 based in the historical and lovely  LOUVRE area. Located in the prestigious and  famous street Rue saint Honoré, the place of hi fashion place of the center of Paris. You will be able to visit all Paris by foot Located on the 3rd floor, this renovated studio could accommodate 2/3 adults  and a baby ( baby cot is available on request for free) A real Queen bed size on the mezzanine and a sofa bed for an additional guest are available The studio is equipped with a full equipped kitchen  ( Hobbs, washing machine , burner multi functions microwaves, a kettle, a Nespresso coffee maker, a fridge and a basic kitchen set tools) The bathroom is equipped with an hair dryer There is also an LCD and internet Wi-Fi free of charge. All linen and bath towels are including Located in the heart of Paris in the historic LOUVRE district. You can do everything by foot: LOUVRE museum ,Notre Dame cathedral, BeauBourg museum, Place des Vosges, Saint Paul etc....And the Famou
14803	Un lieu unique à deux pas du palais royal et de la place des victoires. 2 belles chambres et deux salles de bains avec la possibilité de rajouter un enfants, sa ravissante cour pavée et arborée, la décoration de collectionneurs et surtout l'espace les volumes et le calme total rendent ce lieu tout à fait rare.	Un lieu unique à deux pas du palais royal et de la place des victoires. 2 belles chambres et deux salles de bains avec la possibilité de rajouter un enfants, sa ravissante cour pavée et arborée, la décoration de collectionneurs et surtout l'espace les volumes et le calme total rendent ce lieu tout à fait rare. Wi-fi - machine à laver le linge - sèche linge - video projecteur - cuisine équipée -  Le ménage sera fait une heure par jour, soit les chambres et les salles de bains. Vous êtes à deux pas du Louvre, du musée des arts décoratifs, du jardin des tuileries où vous irez jogger, à deux pas de la seine et des quais, à 10 mns d'Orsay. Toute la mode se concentre entre la place des victoires et la rue Etienne Marcel. De nombreuses tables de chefs ont élues domicile dans le quartier avec Anne sophie Pic, Adeline Grattard, Spring, frenchie. Vous irez prendre un interminable café près de la galerie veto dodat et bien entendu vous ferez le marché de la rue montorgueil (5mns) même si vous ne 
14804	Small but very well ordered, there is no loss of place ! Enjoy the real bed and the modern bathroom. You'll can cook as a french with the little modern kitchen and my french recipes book. 	Typical parisian studio, lots of charm. Beams and aparentes stones ! Exceptional location in small passage close Opéra, Louvre, Tuileries and Galeries Lafayette... Cosy, calm and full equipped, it's perfect for romantic trip in capital of love. Small but very well ordered, there is no loss of place ! Enjoy the real bed and the modern bathroom. You'll can cook as a french with the little modern kitchen and my french recipes book. I can welcome you : - between 7:30 am and 9:30 am  - between 12:45 am and 2:00 pm - from 7:00 pm in the evening.  - and when you want the weekend. You can e-mail call or text me all day long, I work near the apartment, if you need something I can help you ! Galeries Lafayette and luxury jewellery shop are very close. Louvre Museum, Place Vendôme and Tuileries Garden are 10 minutes walk. Find all storekeepers are just around the corner : pharmacy, bookshop, bakery, food shop, etc... And the famous rue Saint-Anne, with the best Japanese restaurants of Paris. Move
14805	Appartement 3 personnes dans le cœur de Paris, joli studio de 24m2. Pièce de vie donnant dans une cour intérieur et calme, un espace Salon avec télévision, Pc et Nespresso. Le canapé se déplie et peux accueillir 1 couchage. Une table  haute pour les repas et le coin lit pour deux personnes.  Une petite cuisine, équipée de plaques de cuisson, frigo et lave vaisselle.  Une sale de bain avec wc, baignoire et lave linge.  Apartement for 3 person into the heart of Paris, nice flat of 24m². Living room overlooking at quiet courtyard, lounge with television, computer and Nespresso. The sofa folds out and can accommodate 1 sleeping.One high dining table and one bed for two perssons. Small kitchen, equiped with  electric plates, fridge and dishwasher. One bathroom with wc, bath and washing machine.	Appartement parisien en pleins centre, entre le Louvre et le quartier Montorgueil. Idéal pour les visites, shopping et sortie. Parisian apartment inside the center of Paris close to Louvre museum. Perfect for cultural visit, shopping and party.  Many place at less of 10 minutes to walk! Appartement 3 personnes dans le cœur de Paris, joli studio de 24m2. Pièce de vie donnant dans une cour intérieur et calme, un espace Salon avec télévision, Pc et Nespresso. Le canapé se déplie et peux accueillir 1 couchage. Une table  haute pour les repas et le coin lit pour deux personnes.  Une petite cuisine, équipée de plaques de cuisson, frigo et lave vaisselle.  Une sale de bain avec wc, baignoire et lave linge.  Apartement for 3 person into the heart of Paris, nice flat of 24m². Living room overlooking at quiet courtyard, lounge with television, computer and Nespresso. The sofa folds out and can accommodate 1 sleeping.One high dining table and one bed for two perssons. Small kitchen, equiped with 
14806	My roommate and I love to host people of all around the world ! We hope you enjoy our place as much as we do. Its on the perfect location to have a nice time in Paris. Located on a very vivid street, lots of places to eat, typical parisian style cafes. The metro station is 2 steps away from the flat. Metro:Les Halles, Etienne Marcel, Sentier or Châtelet. In the apartment we have a great living room  with a couch and an american kitchen, two bedroom (the master one which is inside the apartment and where my roommate stay and the other one - mine-  for our guests which have an independent entrance).	Two-room apartment welcoming (50m2), cosy, very calm and very central! Can accommodate two people (one of the 2 bedrooms available). On the 2nd floor, this apartment is ideal to spend a few days in Paris, you can reach any place in 15min ! My roommate and I love to host people of all around the world ! We hope you enjoy our place as much as we do. Its on the perfect location to have a nice time in Paris. Located on a very vivid street, lots of places to eat, typical parisian style cafes. The metro station is 2 steps away from the flat. Metro:Les Halles, Etienne Marcel, Sentier or Châtelet. In the apartment we have a great living room  with a couch and an american kitchen, two bedroom (the master one which is inside the apartment and where my roommate stay and the other one - mine-  for our guests which have an independent entrance). You can use everything in the apartment : ­- Wifi ­- Fridge/freezer/baking sheet/oven/coffee machine - Plates, glasses, etc - Sheets Feel free to ask me an
14807	Comfortable furnished studio in the center of Paris on rue Saint-Honoré (the 1st arrondissement of the French capital). Due to its location the studio will be a very good accommodation for your Paris vacation. The apartment has attractive quality furniture, surface area - 30 square meters; capacity - two tenants; the 1st French floor of a building. Minimum rental period of the studio - 3 days. Light living room with a pull-out double bed, closet, desk, chair, table, TV; equipped kitchen; bathroom; toilet. This studio for rent is in the very center of Paris near the Louvre, Tuileries Gardens, Place Vendome and other popular tourist sights. Metro: Lines 1, 8, 12 - Concorde	Comfortable furnished studio in the center of Paris on rue Saint-Honoré (the 1st arrondissement of the French capital). Due to its location the studio will be a very good accommodation for your Paris vacation. The apartment has attractive quality furniture, surface area - 30 square meters; capacity - two tenants; the 1st French floor of a building. Minimum rental period of the studio - 3 days. Light living room with a pull-out double bed, closet, desk, chair, table, TV; equipped kitchen; bathroom; toilet. This studio for rent is in the very center of Paris near the Louvre, Tuileries Gardens, Place Vendome and other popular tourist sights. Metro: Lines 1, 8, 12 - Concorde
14808	Logement calme, et très agréable, grande chambre sur cour, belle hauteur sous plafond, cuisine américaine. Wifi	Ce 2 pièces de 48m2 dans le 1er arrondissement de Paris, typiquement parisien, a 2 pas du musée du Louvre, du Palais royal et de la rue saint honoré est idéal pour un we en amoureux ou entre amis pour découvrir la plus belle ville du monde. Logement calme, et très agréable, grande chambre sur cour, belle hauteur sous plafond, cuisine américaine. Wifi logement entier 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Plein coeur de paris, au pied du Louvre,on peut difficilement faire plus central. RER A.B.C.D toutes les lignes partant de châtelet les halles. Plus de 100 restaurants aux alentours, idéal pour découvrir paris à pied ! 15 min à pied de st Germain, Champs Elysées, Du marais, des quais de seine,Des grands boulevards. Montmartre à 10 min en bus ou métro. 3 Parkings à moins de 200m et plus de 6 lignes de métro (phone number hidden)) RER (A.B.C.D)
14809		Entire appartement - Brand new and modern flat located at the heart of Paris. 2 Minutes walk to the Marais, 3 minutes walk to Montorgueil and 10 minutes walk to the Louvre!
14810		Profitez de Paris sans passer votre temps dans les transports en commun. Mon appartement se trouve dans une cour au calme en plein cœur de Paris. Il est également situé à proximité de tous les commerces et de la station : Les Halles Chatelet
14811		Appartement très calme, aucun bruit, avec balcon très calme. Frigo américain, lave linge, lit 160 cm et canapé lit très confortable. Au cœur de Paris, 100 m du Palais Royal, 500 m du Louvre, 800 m des Halles. Proximité du métro 1, 3, 7, 14
14812	AMENITIES: -Central location close to supermarkets, bakeries and famous attractions -Located in a secure, residential building on Rue Saint Honoré -Washer/dryer, iron and board plus hairdryer provided -Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV -Metro: Tuileries or Palais Royal – Musée du Louvre (Lines 1 & 7) This apartment is located in a traditional Parisian apartment building, entry is through 2 securely coded doors and then an individual key for the apartment. It is located on the 2nd floor without an elevator. The apartment has a large open plan living and sleeping area. There is a large double bed with bedside tables, separated from the living area by a screen. The living area has a sofa that can be pulled out into a double sofa bed for the additional sleeping space. This area also has a large flat screen television with a mix of French, English and foreign language channels. The living area also has a dining table that accommodates 4 people with ease, so that you can enjoy meals together	1st Arrondissement Louvre Apartment  Open-plan studio apartment, 1 Bathroom, 1 Kitchen, Sleeps 4 AMENITIES: -Central location close to supermarkets, bakeries and famous attractions -Located in a secure, residential building on Rue Saint Honoré -Washer/dryer, iron and board plus hairdryer provided -Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV -Metro: Tuileries or Palais Royal – Musée du Louvre (Lines 1 & 7) This apartment is located in a traditional Parisian apartment building, entry is through 2 securely coded doors and then an individual key for the apartment. It is located on the 2nd floor without an elevator. The apartment has a large open plan living and sleeping area. There is a large double bed with bedside tables, separated from the living area by a screen. The living area has a sofa that can be pulled out into a double sofa bed for the additional sleeping space. This area also has a large flat screen television with a mix of French, English and foreign language channels. The living area a
14813	The apartment (50 sqm) is in a 17th century building (3rd floor-no elevator), located in one of the most desirable district to live in Paris, close to many historic and touristic places (Notre- Dame, Le Louvre, Le Marais, George Pompidou center). The living-room is spacious (30 sq m, c. 323 sq ft), South oriented, sunny and very bright (2 windows), equipped with a comfortable sofa-bed for 2 persons.  There is an open kitchen, fully equipped (amenities include an oven, a microwave, induction hotplates, an exhaust fan, fridge-freezer, an espresso coffee maker, a toaster, a kettle, a mixer and an orange squeezer, ...).  The bedroom is very quiet (overlooking a small courtyard) and has a large wardrobe. The bathroom has a shower, a lavatory and a washing machine. Toilets are separated from the bathroom. The apartment is also equipped with a flat screen TV, an Ipod station and a high speed Internet connection (Wi-Fi). There is also a vacuum cleaner and an iron with an ironing board. Sheets 	        This 1 bedroom apartment, bright and quiet can host 4 persons. Very central, located in the pedestrian district of les Halles, close to many historic and touristic places, restaurants and shopping facilities. Close to metro, RER and buses.       The apartment (50 sqm) is in a 17th century building (3rd floor-no elevator), located in one of the most desirable district to live in Paris, close to many historic and touristic places (Notre- Dame, Le Louvre, Le Marais, George Pompidou center). The living-room is spacious (30 sq m, c. 323 sq ft), South oriented, sunny and very bright (2 windows), equipped with a comfortable sofa-bed for 2 persons.  There is an open kitchen, fully equipped (amenities include an oven, a microwave, induction hotplates, an exhaust fan, fridge-freezer, an espresso coffee maker, a toaster, a kettle, a mixer and an orange squeezer, ...).  The bedroom is very quiet (overlooking a small courtyard) and has a large wardrobe. The bathroom has a shower, a lavatory
14814		In the heart of Chatelet-Les Halles; 3rd floor with elevator, renovated in 2013, 2 bedroom capacity for 4 people, this place have A/C and is only available in August, all confort
14815	L'emplacement est un critère de choix Il est refait entierement à neuf avec tout le confort que vous souhaitez. Il est trés calme	Appartement 2 piéces de 44 m2 prévu pour recevoir 6 personnes.Refait entièrement à neuf Situé dans un secteur très recherché proche de tous les monuments à visités,Tour Eiffel, Arc de Triomphe, Louvre, Opéra ,Place Vendome Grand magasins L'emplacement est un critère de choix Il est refait entierement à neuf avec tout le confort que vous souhaitez. Il est trés calme A tout l'appartement Par l'intermédiaire de Airbnb Quartier est marqué par les boutiques de luxe il l' est aussi par sa facilité à faire les achat de nourriture (super marché,pharmacie,docteur etc) Métro, bus ,RER
14816	It is situated in the very good place/district in Paris in the hearth and close of LOUVRE, OPERA, PALAIS ROYAL, SEINE. Beautifully appointed, maintained and presented, spacious modern apartment on the first floor of a secure building, located two small blocks from the Louvre. Included all modern appliances and furniture, linen/towels, had ample heating, cable TV and free fast Wi-Fi Internet access. The kitchen is adequately equipped with all the essentials and the washing machine has integrated drying function which is helpful and much quicker than a drying rack. Number of sleeping : 5 with one bedroom with large bed 140*200,and a salon with a sofa bed convertible into a bed of 140*200 cm. We can add a unflatable mattless in the large bedroom for a 5th guests. (child) The apartment is very clean and we were provid with fresh sheets and towels on arrival. 	It's situated in the very good place/district in Paris in the hearth and close of LOUVRE, OPERA, PALAIS ROYAL, SEINE. Beautifully appointed, maintained and presented, spacious modern apartment on the first floor of a secure building It is situated in the very good place/district in Paris in the hearth and close of LOUVRE, OPERA, PALAIS ROYAL, SEINE. Beautifully appointed, maintained and presented, spacious modern apartment on the first floor of a secure building, located two small blocks from the Louvre. Included all modern appliances and furniture, linen/towels, had ample heating, cable TV and free fast Wi-Fi Internet access. The kitchen is adequately equipped with all the essentials and the washing machine has integrated drying function which is helpful and much quicker than a drying rack. Number of sleeping : 5 with one bedroom with large bed 140*200,and a salon with a sofa bed convertible into a bed of 140*200 cm. We can add a unflatable mattless in the large bedroom for a 5th gues
14817	L'immeuble donne sur l'avenue de l'Opéra, il est typique de l'architecture parisienne haussmannienne, avec son entrée en marbre. L'appartement, de 2 pièces, offre un pied a terre unique pour visiter Paris. Il est meublé de manière minimaliste pour offrir un maximum de confort aux hôtes. Il est situé à 100m du louvre, 100m de la Comédie Francaise, 100m de la rue saint honoré, 300m de l'Opéra garnier. Il offre, grace à ses 4 balcons, une vue unique sur paris : le louvre, La Tour Montparnasse, la Tour Eiffel, l'Opéra garnier et ...Le Sacré Coeur Voir les commentaires de nos précédents invités : https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/169749?checkin=08%2F09%2F2015&checkout=11%2F09%2F2015&s=6lmw#reviews	Situé Avenue de l'Opéra Appartement face au Musée du Louvre  SITUATION PRIVILÉGIÉE Proche de :  La Place Vendôme, Rue de la Paix, Rue Royale, Opéra (Garnier), Place de la Concorde, Rue Saint Honoré,  Métro et restaurants en bas de l'immeuble    L'immeuble donne sur l'avenue de l'Opéra, il est typique de l'architecture parisienne haussmannienne, avec son entrée en marbre. L'appartement, de 2 pièces, offre un pied a terre unique pour visiter Paris. Il est meublé de manière minimaliste pour offrir un maximum de confort aux hôtes. Il est situé à 100m du louvre, 100m de la Comédie Francaise, 100m de la rue saint honoré, 300m de l'Opéra garnier. Il offre, grace à ses 4 balcons, une vue unique sur paris : le louvre, La Tour Montparnasse, la Tour Eiffel, l'Opéra garnier et ...Le Sacré Coeur Voir les commentaires de nos précédents invités : https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/169749?checkin=08%2F09%2F2015&checkout=11%2F09%2F2015&s=6lmw#reviews Vous pourrez visiter, A PIEDS, les monuments et le centre d
14818	Studio de 16m2 entièrement refait à neuf en janvier 2015. Lumineux, donnant sur cour au 3ème étage dans immeuble parisien (sans ascenseur) Entièrement équipé, machine Nespresso, bouilloire, grille pain, micro onde, frigo, 2 plaques vitrocéramiques, lave linge, écran plat, internet wifi en Fibre optique, fer à repasser, sèche cheveu	Studio entièrement refait à neuf au coeur du quartier de Chatelet les Halles. Proches toutes commodités. Transports, commerces, attractions touristiques et station de taxi juste au pied de l'immeuble Studio de 16m2 entièrement refait à neuf en janvier 2015. Lumineux, donnant sur cour au 3ème étage dans immeuble parisien (sans ascenseur) Entièrement équipé, machine Nespresso, bouilloire, grille pain, micro onde, frigo, 2 plaques vitrocéramiques, lave linge, écran plat, internet wifi en Fibre optique, fer à repasser, sèche cheveu
14819		Studio de 20m2 au cœur de Paris dans le 1er arrondissement. Situé à deux pas du Musée du Louvre, il est idéal pour un voyageur seul ou un couple. Cuisine équipée, salle de bain privative.
14820	Je vis dans cet appartement et il est donc le reflet de ma vie .	Au cœur de Paris , vous retrouvez l'âme du Paris historique et culturel . Niché entre l'Opéra , les jardins des Tuileries et le secret Palais-Royal , la rue Saint-Honoré est un carrefour : magasins chics , cafés renommés et  institutions culturelles Je vis dans cet appartement et il est donc le reflet de ma vie . De l'aéroport : bus Air France , jusqu'à Opéra . Puis bus 95 jusqu'au Palais-Royal En train : bus 95 , 39 , 68 , Station de taxi en bas de l'immeuble J'aime la vie de quartier . Vous avez au coin de la rue une boulangerie  , un boucher et un poissonnier . Et à 5 mn , un supermarché et autour des supérettes . A 10 mn , à pied , sur les grands boulevards , vous avez des cinémas , des brasseries , les passages avec des échoppes datant du 19ème siècle Bus , taxi , vélib, stations de métro
14821	Come to discover the famous Parisian district Montorgueil, the district very central and very appreciated by the Parisian and the tourists. Our apartment is situated in this pedestrian district, it is close to all shops and of very good restaurants. It's very near the famous museum Le Louvre, and 10 minutes by walk to the Opera or the famous aera St Germain! Our apartment has an accommodation facilities of 5 persons and is very quiet and comfortable. His surface is of 100m2, and benefits from a very beautiful height of ceiling (4 meters). The apartment consists of three independent rooms among which 2 with a double bed.  Our apartment is very well equipped (lava dishes, wash linen, internet, Tv) and is very comfortable. Our district is very well served by the public transportation; Several subway stations : Sentier, Etienne Marcel, Châtelet Les Halles.	"We are in the famous ""aera montorgueil"" in the center of Paris. Our flat is spacious and confortable for a family!  Near our flat, you could visit Notre Dame, St Germain des prés, l'Opéra, le Palais Royal, le Louvre, le Marais, la place des vosges... Come to discover the famous Parisian district Montorgueil, the district very central and very appreciated by the Parisian and the tourists. Our apartment is situated in this pedestrian district, it is close to all shops and of very good restaurants. It's very near the famous museum Le Louvre, and 10 minutes by walk to the Opera or the famous aera St Germain! Our apartment has an accommodation facilities of 5 persons and is very quiet and comfortable. His surface is of 100m2, and benefits from a very beautiful height of ceiling (4 meters). The apartment consists of three independent rooms among which 2 with a double bed.  Our apartment is very well equipped (lava dishes, wash linen, internet, Tv) and is very comfortable. Our district is ver"
14822	3-bedroom triplex (90 sqm) on the top floor of an authentic 17th-century building. A balcony and two terraces (30 sqm in total) will offer you a quiet roof garden, nice sunsets and a spectacular 360°view of Paris. A master suite (25 sqm) with a king size bed that can be divided into 2 single beds, an open bathroom and a wide wardrobe A large bedroom (15 sqm) with a king size bed that can also be divided into 2 single beds, a view on the roof garden A small stylish bedroom (10 sqm) with a double bed A private small bathroom with shower - Washing/dryer machine/ironing board Separate toilet on the middle floor A kitchen: Dishwasher, Microwave/Oven and toaster A sitting/dining room with a small balcony, a large TV screen, a DVD and a CD player Free Wi-Fi access – Air conditioning Finally, you can venture upstairs to the top roof terrace with a unique 360° view of Paris and its most famous monuments. As frequent travelers we know how much it is appreciable to have local people who can help 	A charming 3-bedroom triplex on the top floor of an authentic 17th-century building located in the heart of Paris  (near Châtelet, Beaubourg , Le Louvre and Notre Dame). A balcony and two terraces will offer you a quiet roof garde 3-bedroom triplex (90 sqm) on the top floor of an authentic 17th-century building. A balcony and two terraces (30 sqm in total) will offer you a quiet roof garden, nice sunsets and a spectacular 360°view of Paris. A master suite (25 sqm) with a king size bed that can be divided into 2 single beds, an open bathroom and a wide wardrobe A large bedroom (15 sqm) with a king size bed that can also be divided into 2 single beds, a view on the roof garden A small stylish bedroom (10 sqm) with a double bed A private small bathroom with shower - Washing/dryer machine/ironing board Separate toilet on the middle floor A kitchen: Dishwasher, Microwave/Oven and toaster A sitting/dining room with a small balcony, a large TV screen, a DVD and a CD player Free Wi-Fi access –
14823	This is an old building typical of Paris’ central area. The flat is located on the 2nd floor with no elevator and overlooks a paved little street. This stylish studio has a high quality design thanks to its materials and decoration as well as the layout choices. It opens onto a beautiful room with high ceiling. Near the entrance, there is the bathroom equipped with a shower tub and WC. In the living room, the night area is presented around a nice glass table, with a 140 cm double bed and a bediing for one person situated in the mezzanine. At the opposite, there is the kitchen equipped with hot plates, a fridge and a microwave. On the kitchen worktop, different appliances complete the equipment: a toaster, a kettle, a coffee maker…Near the window, there are a lovely bench seat and an ethanol fireplace, which make the living room a romantic place.	This lovely studio has a cozy effect, thus highlighting its convivial and warm atmosphere. Perfectly arranged, you will quickly feel at home. Located in the bustling area of Montorgueil, you will be in the heart of Paris. This is an old building typical of Paris’ central area. The flat is located on the 2nd floor with no elevator and overlooks a paved little street. This stylish studio has a high quality design thanks to its materials and decoration as well as the layout choices. It opens onto a beautiful room with high ceiling. Near the entrance, there is the bathroom equipped with a shower tub and WC. In the living room, the night area is presented around a nice glass table, with a 140 cm double bed and a bediing for one person situated in the mezzanine. At the opposite, there is the kitchen equipped with hot plates, a fridge and a microwave. On the kitchen worktop, different appliances complete the equipment: a toaster, a kettle, a coffee maker…Near the window, there are a lovely be
14824	Charming Parisian flat in the center of Paris.  In an historical building (17 century).  In a very quiet & silent courtyard. Second floor. Metro Chatelet, Lot of lines for the metro & RER  Very close to a lot of monuments :  Louvre,  Notre Dame,  Les halles, Centre Georges Pompidou/Beaubourg, l’Ile St louis, the river Seine, jardin des Tuileries, Place St Michel…. 5 minutes walking from the “Marais”. Direct with the métro : place de la Concorde, Grand palais, Arc de Triomphe, Champs Élysées, la Défense... Châtelet/les Halles  is the point where most of the lines arrive (métro, RER, bus)  This is the perfect place for 2 guests  who want to enjoy both : Paris by night and touristic attractions. 1 bedroom with a Big bed. A bathroom with bath and shower, toilets indépendant. Equipited Kitchen, and washing machine. 1 person = 70 euros / night  2 persons = 100 / night  Possibility for a kid, to add a bed French breakfast with croissants from a very good bakery ! Possibility to use the kitche	Charming Parisian flat in the center of Paris.  In an historical building (17 century).  In a very quiet & silent courtyard. Second floor. Metro Chatelet, Lot of lines for the metro & RER  Very close to a lot of monuments :  Louvre,  Notre Dame,  Les halles, Centre Georges Pompidou/Beaubourg, l’Ile St louis, the river Seine, jardin des Tuileries, Place St Michel…. 5 minutes walking from the “Marais”. Direct with the métro : place de la Concorde, Grand palais, Arc de Triomphe, Champs Élysées, la Défense... Châtelet/les Halles  is the point where most of the lines arrive (métro, RER, bus)  This is the perfect place for 2 guests  who want to enjoy both : Paris by night and touristic attractions. 1 bedroom with a Big bed. A bathroom with bath and shower, toilets indépendant. Equipited Kitchen, and washing machine. 1 person = 70 euros / night  2 persons = 100 / night  Possibility for a kid, to add a bed French breakfast with croissants from a very good bakery ! Possibility to use the kitche
14825	Emplacement exceptionnel	Petit studio très calme. 1 pièce, sdb et WC indépendants,  entièrement équipé, Tv, wifi. Canapé lit (140) très confortable. Sous les toits de Paris idéalement placé entre Tuileries et Place Vendôme.  Idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes. 6eme étage avec ascenseur.  Emplacement exceptionnel Tout le centre de Paris à pied Non Tuileries, Place Vendôme, rue Saint Honoré, Opéra, place du marché Saint Honoré Métro, Bus, Velib, Autolib, RER 
14826	L'emplacement de ce logement est réellement exceptionnel. On est au coeur de tout. La plupart des sites sont accessibles à pied. Le logement est convivial, idéal pour une famille, très calme malgré l'emplacement et facile  à vivre... The location is really unique. You will be in the heart of Paris, on a walking distance of everything. The apartment is perfect for a family. Very quiet and super safe. 3 rd floor without elevator.  	un appartement accueillant dans un environnement exceptionnel au coeur de Paris. En face des Tuileries, à deux pas du Louvre, des Champs Elysées, de l'Opéra,du Musée d'Orsay, parfait pour une famille ou un groupe d'amis.   L'emplacement de ce logement est réellement exceptionnel. On est au coeur de tout. La plupart des sites sont accessibles à pied. Le logement est convivial, idéal pour une famille, très calme malgré l'emplacement et facile  à vivre... The location is really unique. You will be in the heart of Paris, on a walking distance of everything. The apartment is perfect for a family. Very quiet and super safe. 3 rd floor without elevator.  Machine à laver la vaisselle, lave et sèche-linge, acces internet, TV, PS3, WII, etc... dishes washing machine, washing machine, Wifi, TV, PS3, etc.. Je suis intéressée par les échanges. Grandes capitales pour les week end prolongés, Etats Unis cet été.  I m interested in exchanges. Big Européean cities for week end and USA this summer.  Au c
14827	One block away from Place de la Concorde, the apartment is located on the 3d floor of a Haussmann-style building with a beautiful historic staircase listed in the Registery of Historic Monuments. Long balcony facing the Tuileries. Quite master Bedroom with queen-size bed and tiled shower room.  Room nb #2 : one double bed. One bathroom. The open kitchen meets the living room with windows over the Tuileries park. Amenities include: Secure high speed wireless internet (WIFI)  TV with cable, DVD player Washer and dryer inside of apartment  Refrigerator and freezer  Microwave Oven Dishwasher  Espresso machine Coffee maker Iron and ironing board  Hair dryer  The studio, located at the same level as the main apartment, have its own entrance. The Studio : on double bed, with fully equiped kitchen and shower. Amenities include Dishwasher  Microwave Refrigerator Hair dryer Espresso machine Coffee maker 	 Sun filled 3 bedroom 1 Bath 1 Shower 180m2 apt. located Place de la Concorde with amazing views of Paris : southern exposure facing the Tuileries, the Eiffel Tower, the Louvre, the Arc de Triomphe etc. Additional 30 m2 studio for 2 people. One block away from Place de la Concorde, the apartment is located on the 3d floor of a Haussmann-style building with a beautiful historic staircase listed in the Registery of Historic Monuments. Long balcony facing the Tuileries. Quite master Bedroom with queen-size bed and tiled shower room.  Room nb #2 : one double bed. One bathroom. The open kitchen meets the living room with windows over the Tuileries park. Amenities include: Secure high speed wireless internet (WIFI)  TV with cable, DVD player Washer and dryer inside of apartment  Refrigerator and freezer  Microwave Oven Dishwasher  Espresso machine Coffee maker Iron and ironing board  Hair dryer  The studio, located at the same level as the main apartment, have its own entrance. The Studio : 
14828	In the heart of Paris near Louvre Museum, in rue Saint Honoré , a nice  apartment located in a building  of the 18th century without elevator . The apartment was completely refurbished and newly renovated. This apartment of 33m² situated on the 4th floor, and decorated with taste. It is composed of a bedroom with a confortable double bed, a living room with a fully equipped American kitchen and a new double sofa bed. It also has a dining room area with a table and chairs for 4 persons, and a bathroom/toilets with a new shower. The apartment does have an internet Wifi connection and cable TV and a washing machine. You will find at the bottom of the building many restaurants, supermarkets, bakeries, chemists, etc...	In the heart of Paris near Louvre Museum, in rue Saint Honoré , a nice  apartment located in a building  of the 18th century without elevator . The apartment was completely refurbished and newly renovated. This apartment of 33m² situated on the 4th floor, and decorated with taste. It is composed of a bedroom with a confortable double bed, a living room with a fully equipped American kitchen and a new double sofa bed. It also has a dining room area with a table and chairs for 4 persons, and a bathroom/toilets with a new shower. The apartment does have an internet Wifi connection and cable TV and a washing machine. You will find at the bottom of the building many restaurants, supermarkets, bakeries, chemists, etc... At your arrival, you will have to sign a rental contract and a state of the flat and pay 50€ for sheets and towels. If you check in on sunday, holidays or after 8PM, you will have to pay an additional fee of 50€ for your welcoming in the apartment. There is no arrival after 1
14829	Very spacious as it occupies itself the whole 4th floor of a building - 420 sq feet - 42 sq meters -The apartment has been renovated by an architect in 2010 – it has everything for you to feel comfortable and at home : beautiful & spacious living room, open bedroom with a comfortable double bed, modern & functional bathroom with massaging jet shower, oak parquet, 4th floors, fireplace, library, closet, storage space,	Charming apartment typically Parisian Exceptional location: Louvre Museum & Tuileries 250m - extremely quiet & very cosy - luminous & spacious  - everything for you to feel at home. Ideal for a relaxing holiday and to discover the real Parisian life Very spacious as it occupies itself the whole 4th floor of a building - 420 sq feet - 42 sq meters -The apartment has been renovated by an architect in 2010 – it has everything for you to feel comfortable and at home : beautiful & spacious living room, open bedroom with a comfortable double bed, modern & functional bathroom with massaging jet shower, oak parquet, 4th floors, fireplace, library, closet, storage space, Travelers will have access to:  - Bedroom open on the living room many cupboards.  - Equipped for your meals (oven, microwave, refrigerator, coffee ...)  - Nespresso coffee machine - Magimix - TV 200 channel + international  and Wifi  - Clean towels and sheets Provided  - Soap and Shampoo  - Washing machine and hair dryer I am 
14830		In the heart of paris. PARIS 1.  In the middle of luxury and convenience to be next to the Louvre museum, Place to Vendome, and Madeline. Fully furnished one bedroom apartment Hotel. Everything to you will need to make your stay in Paris like home but better!
14831	Ce studio de 21 m2 est très lumineux et avec 3,5 mètres de hauteur sous plafond (idéal pour la mezzanine!) dans un immeuble de haut standing du 17eme siècle. Il est situé à Palais Royal, rue de Richelieu. Un canapé lit double dans le salon. Lit double en mezzanine. Tout le confort d'un bel appartement parisien, calme, donnant sur cour. Kitchenette équipée : four, plaques cuisson, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, cafetiere. Lave linge. Salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne refaite novembre 2014, lavabo, WC. Télévision avec cable, internet wifi illimité. 	Appartement en plein coeur de Paris, idéal pour visiter facilement notre belle capitale à pied! Ce studio de 21 m2 est très lumineux et avec 3,5 mètres de hauteur sous plafond (idéal pour la mezzanine!) peut accueillir 4 personnes. Ce studio de 21 m2 est très lumineux et avec 3,5 mètres de hauteur sous plafond (idéal pour la mezzanine!) dans un immeuble de haut standing du 17eme siècle. Il est situé à Palais Royal, rue de Richelieu. Un canapé lit double dans le salon. Lit double en mezzanine. Tout le confort d'un bel appartement parisien, calme, donnant sur cour. Kitchenette équipée : four, plaques cuisson, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, cafetiere. Lave linge. Salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne refaite novembre 2014, lavabo, WC. Télévision avec cable, internet wifi illimité. Draps et serviettes fournis Vaisselle dans la cuisine wifi illimité inclus Je ne suis pas dans le logement, mais j'habite sur Paris, et je peux venir ne cas de problème. hQuartier très vivant, touristique A proxim
14832	Artemisia brings you the heart of Paris ! This well situated apartment is in the center of the center of Paris near Chatelet and the district Halles. You have access to all transportation : metro, RER , bus, to go in less than half an hour door to door to anywhere in Paris! Its decoration brings you 120 years ago, in La Belle Epoque time, when Paris was shining like a diamond , with its artistic and technical prowess. Artemisia is decorated with Art Nouveau furniture , and refers to the time of the bohemian and absinth.  The studio is on first floor and has a main room with a loft bed and a wardrobe, a table, 2 chairs, a sofa, a microwave, a ceramic hob , a fridge. In the bathroom there is a shower, a sink and a WC. The area abounds in restaurants and bars and shops, and at any time of day and night, there is still to do. At the foot of the building of the studio is a very nice wine shop that will make you taste excellent wines ! However the Armoise studio is in a small street, fairly 	Artemisia brings you the heart of Paris ! This studio is in the center of the center of Paris near Chatelet and in Les Halles district. It is decorated in Art Nouveau style, typical from La Belle Epoque in Paris (phone number hidden)). Artemisia brings you the heart of Paris ! This well situated apartment is in the center of the center of Paris near Chatelet and the district Halles. You have access to all transportation : metro, RER , bus, to go in less than half an hour door to door to anywhere in Paris! Its decoration brings you 120 years ago, in La Belle Epoque time, when Paris was shining like a diamond , with its artistic and technical prowess. Artemisia is decorated with Art Nouveau furniture , and refers to the time of the bohemian and absinth.  The studio is on first floor and has a main room with a loft bed and a wardrobe, a table, 2 chairs, a sofa, a microwave, a ceramic hob , a fridge. In the bathroom there is a shower, a sink and a WC. The area abounds in restaurants and ba
14833	This studio apartment of 25 square meters (approximately 272 square feet) is localized on the famous rue de Rivoli, 1st arrondissement of Paris, near by the Louvre museum, the Palais Royal and the place de la Concorde. It is composed of a large living room with a sofa bed (very shinny by 2 big windows), a kitchen, and a bathroom. On the 5th French floor of a bourgeois building, typic in this district, safe and quiet. It can welcome up 2 people, the decoration is neat and the equipments are of very good quality (famous brands).	A beautiful apartment for 2 people localized in the 1st arrondissement of Paris, on the street Rivoli. A perfect place for a business or leisure trip. This studio apartment of 25 square meters (approximately 272 square feet) is localized on the famous rue de Rivoli, 1st arrondissement of Paris, near by the Louvre museum, the Palais Royal and the place de la Concorde. It is composed of a large living room with a sofa bed (very shinny by 2 big windows), a kitchen, and a bathroom. On the 5th French floor of a bourgeois building, typic in this district, safe and quiet. It can welcome up 2 people, the decoration is neat and the equipments are of very good quality (famous brands). - Wifi unlimited - International tv channels - Washing machine - Sheets and towels All the modern comfort. I remain at your disposal during your stay. The neighborhood is amazing, you are between the Louvre museum and the Place de la Concorde. At the center of the capital, you can find everything around the apartme
14834		Large 80 sq. meters apartment with 2 bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms, designed by architect, in front of the Louvre museum. Eclectic and bobo chic decoration, with modern equipements, in the very center of Paris, located in an 19th century building.
14835	The Marais is the absolute best spot to stay in Paris… if you ask us! Our apartment is truly in the heart of Paris. Only a short walk from the Centre Pompidou, Les Halles, Hotel De Ville and so much more! we are surrounded by little shops and Parisian restaurants.  	"This cozy studio apartment is located in the center of Paris, walking distance to some of the hottest destinations and hidden gems. The Marais is the absolute best spot to stay in Paris… if you ask us! Our apartment is truly in the heart of Paris. Only a short walk from the Centre Pompidou, Les Halles, Hotel De Ville and so much more! we are surrounded by little shops and Parisian restaurants.  The apartment is equipped with one full pull out sofa bed, TV, wifi, desk, a well equipped kitchen with modern appliances, and a full bathroom with shower; Everything you need to rest well and recharge for an amazing Parisian experience!"" Tell us before when you will arrive at the apartment and we'll be waiting for you to give you the keys and explain everything about the apartment! The closest Metro station is Chatelet, where you can hop on any of the 1, 4, 7, 11 or 14 lines to travel quickly and economically around the city! For renting of 1 month or more : - Towels are not provided - 2 pairs "
14836	This studio is located in Herold street in the heart of the first district of Paris . The location is ideal , the studio is indeed in the heart of Paris , located in a modern building with a lift . The studio is on the 3rd floor and has been refurbished, it is a modern , clean and sleek studio in a quiet atmosphere. After the door you discover a corridor leading first to the bathroom on the left, with a toilet , sink and bathtub / shower then a fully equipped kitchen ( microwave , fridge, washing machine dishwasher , stove ) and finally at the end of the corridor bathed in light main room ( two living room windows have electric shutters ) . You will find a large coffee table, a very comfortable sofa bed and a TV corner. The environment is ideal for a couple or student. You are 10 minutes from the Louvre	This studio is located in Herold street in the heart of the first district of Paris . The location is ideal , the studio is indeed in the heart of Paris , located in a modern building with a lift . The studio is on the 3rd floor and has been refurbished, it is a modern , clean and sleek studio in a quiet atmosphere. After the door you discover a corridor leading first to the bathroom on the left, with a toilet , sink and bathtub / shower then a fully equipped kitchen ( microwave , fridge, washing machine dishwasher , stove ) and finally at the end of the corridor bathed in light main room ( two living room windows have electric shutters ) . You will find a large coffee table, a very comfortable sofa bed and a TV corner. The environment is ideal for a couple or student. You are 10 minutes from the Louvre
14837	Located in the heart of historic Paris, there is this atypical loft. You'll love the exceptional view of the St. Eustache church and its gardens. This apartment is in a quiet and secure building. It is composed of a large living room with a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen,a bathroom, separate WC and 3 bedrooms. Close to the Louvre, Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral and the Marais district you will be ideally located to enjoy Paris. Metro station: Chatelet les Halles line (phone number hidden) and RER A and B 	Located in the heart of historic Paris, there is this atypical loft. You'll love the exceptional view of the St. Eustache church and its gardens. This apartment is in a quiet and secure building. It is composed of a large living room with a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen,a bathroom, separate WC and 3 bedrooms. Close to the Louvre, Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral and the Marais district you will be ideally located to enjoy Paris. Metro station: Chatelet les Halles line (phone number hidden) and RER A and B 
14838	"Charming, confortable and lovely 42 square meters appartment located directly on ""La Rue Saint-Honoré"", the most famous, elegant and historical street in Paris.  You will be minutes away from everything !  This appartment is very quiet, on the ground floor : fully furnished with a nice room (double full bed), a bathroom, a washing-machine, a kitchen with every cooking appliances and a kitchen table. And you will have a free and unlimited internet access."	 situated in the heart of Paris, 2 minutes walk from the Louvre Museum, Palais Royal, and Rue Saint Honoré, the famous fashion street.  It has a separate bedroom and bathroom, fully furnished kitchen, internet and TV.
14839	Charmant studio avec balcon, situé rue ste Anne, au centre de Paris. Au 2ème étage dans un bel immeuble avec ascenseur. Il est équipé d'une piece principale avec un lit double, une table et 2 chaises,  TV, internet... d'une petite cuisine avec frigo, micro onde, plaque de cuisson ... d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, lavabo et wc. 	Charmant studio avec balcon, situé rue ste Anne, au centre de Paris. Au 2ème étage dans un bel immeuble avec ascenseur. Il est équipé d'une piece principale avec un lit double, une table et 2 chaises,  TV, internet... d'une petite cuisine avec frigo, micro onde, plaque de cuisson ... d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, lavabo et wc. 
14840	This is a spacious apartment, which can host up to 4 people.  It has a large living room, eat-in kitchen and bathroom with shower/bathtub.  The bed arrangements are as follows:  -1 double bed for 2 people  -1 sofa bed for 2 people  - A travel cot for babies up to 3 years old is available Please note that the bedroom and living room are separated by a sliding door. The apartment is on the ground floor, and is very quiet.	Welcome! This is a spacious apartment, which can host up to 4 people.  It has a large living room, eat-in kitchen and bathroom with shower/bathtub.  The bed arrangements are as follows:  -1 double bed for 2 people  -1 sofa bed for 2 people  - A travel cot for babies up to 3 years old is available Please note that the bedroom and living room are separated by a sliding door. The apartment is on the ground floor, and is very quiet. Guests can access a fully equipped kitchen:  -fridge  -vitroceramic plates  -microwave  -dishwasher  -kettle  -coffee machine  -toaster A washing machine with dryer is also available. Towels and bed linen are provided. I remain available for guests during their stay if they have questions. The locations of this apartment is simply ideal for those wanting to discover Paris, shop and eat in the finest restaurants. The nearest supermarket is 4 minutes away, and you will also find a bakery nearby.  Cafe Kitsune is moments away, perfect for a morning coffee in the P
14841	You benefit from hotel-standard services: household linen, bed linen and towels provided, concierge service, welcome basket and cosmetic products.  This centrally located apartment is spacious and very pleasant to live in.  The entrance hall leads into a fully equipped kitchen with all the necessary crockery for your stay, an oven, an Espresso machine, kettle, etc. The lounge is tastefully decorated and will allow you to relax after a long day out and about in Paris.  The bedroom, which leads onto the lounge, is located three steps away on a mid-level, and contains a double bed.  The bathroom contains a small bathtub, a washbasin and toilet.	Just a stone's throw away from the Louvre and Opera, an ideal pied à terre for visiting the capital. Very comfortable for two people, with a separate bedroom, living room, and kitchen. You benefit from hotel-standard services: household linen, bed linen and towels provided, concierge service, welcome basket and cosmetic products.  This centrally located apartment is spacious and very pleasant to live in.  The entrance hall leads into a fully equipped kitchen with all the necessary crockery for your stay, an oven, an Espresso machine, kettle, etc. The lounge is tastefully decorated and will allow you to relax after a long day out and about in Paris.  The bedroom, which leads onto the lounge, is located three steps away on a mid-level, and contains a double bed.  The bathroom contains a small bathtub, a washbasin and toilet. It would be hard to find a more central location to visit Paris by foot. Situated on a road full of shops halfway between the Louvre and Opera, in the heart of the 1
14842	A charming typical Parisian apartment on the 1st floor of a 17th century building. It is located in the heart of Paris in one of the oldest district of the city. It is next to everything, walking distance to the Louvre, the Tuileries Gardens, Place de la Concorde , rue Saint Honoré , the Royal Palace and its gardens, Beaubourg Museum, the Marais, the Seine and Saint Germain.  This apartment of 45 m² is like a suite (1 bedroom, 1 living room with double sleeping bed, a dinning room, a kitchen, a bathroom) that can sleep up to 4 people. Everything can be covered by foot from the apartment and all the touristic attractions and most beautiful sites are very close. It is also really well deserved by the main metro lines, RER, bus stations and Velib' (shared rental bike stations). Rue Coquillière is an ancient street of Paris very cute with all the little shops and restaurants. The apartment makes an angle with rue Herold which is also a very pretty street. For the anecdote, it is the same a	A charming typical Parisian apartment of a 17th century building located in the right center of the city, walking distance to all the touristic places such as the Musée du Louvre, rue St Honoré, le Marais, St Germain, la Seine etc. A charming typical Parisian apartment on the 1st floor of a 17th century building. It is located in the heart of Paris in one of the oldest district of the city. It is next to everything, walking distance to the Louvre, the Tuileries Gardens, Place de la Concorde , rue Saint Honoré , the Royal Palace and its gardens, Beaubourg Museum, the Marais, the Seine and Saint Germain.  This apartment of 45 m² is like a suite (1 bedroom, 1 living room with double sleeping bed, a dinning room, a kitchen, a bathroom) that can sleep up to 4 people. Everything can be covered by foot from the apartment and all the touristic attractions and most beautiful sites are very close. It is also really well deserved by the main metro lines, RER, bus stations and Velib' (shared renta
14843	If you would like to wake up to a view of the Louvre each morning, stroll down to the boulangerie or Montorgeuil market, meander through the passage Vero-Dodat, sit and read in the Palais-Royal gardens while dipping your feet in the fountain (summer only!), walk everywhere or use the multiple transport options (metro, bus, bike, boat), this one bedroom, central, light and well appointed apartment could be for you. It can be used as one large room, or divided in two using a sliding wall, with a separate bedroom for more privacy. The 160cm sized bed can also be used as two single beds, and the two couches become single beds as well.  Renovated 4 years ago, the white, clean, light space is unrecognisable from the gloomy office it once was.  Double-glazed wooden street-facing windows block out all noise, including the passing police-accompanied Banque de France money-filled trucks at 10 each morning, with the bathroom looking on to the courtyard. Surrounded by cafés, shops, art and restaur	Centre of Paris for up to four people If you would like to wake up to a view of the Louvre each morning, stroll down to the boulangerie or Montorgeuil market, meander through the passage Vero-Dodat, sit and read in the Palais-Royal gardens while dipping your feet in the fountain (summer only!), walk everywhere or use the multiple transport options (metro, bus, bike, boat), this one bedroom, central, light and well appointed apartment could be for you. It can be used as one large room, or divided in two using a sliding wall, with a separate bedroom for more privacy. The 160cm sized bed can also be used as two single beds, and the two couches become single beds as well.  Renovated 4 years ago, the white, clean, light space is unrecognisable from the gloomy office it once was.  Double-glazed wooden street-facing windows block out all noise, including the passing police-accompanied Banque de France money-filled trucks at 10 each morning, with the bathroom looking on to the courtyard. Surro
14844	"Guests with 3 positive reviews or more get 5% discount on their bookings (please ask for this please, as I tend to be forgetful)! Promote my listing and get 10% on the bookings made through you! You will reside in the ""Village Saint Honore"", a very old and very posh, absolutely charming block in the very heart of Paris. It is the chime of the Saint Eustache church that will gently remind you that it is time to enjoy your breakfast and start a beautiful day, why not go downstairs and buy yourself some of these croissants the Julien Bakery earned its reputation for? You will soon find that you are a walking distance from everything, Pont Neuf, Tuileries, Pont aux Arts, Saint Germain-des-Pres, Beaubourg, Opera Garnier, Le Marais, Montorgueil, Le Louvre, Palais Royal, yet this place is fantastically peaceful and nurturing. Whether you are into restaurants, upscale fashion boutiques (JC de Castelbajac, Espace Pierre Cardin, VANS...), history, beauty, mind and body development or culture, th"	"1 nice bedroom apartment for 4 persons, with a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom, a living and dining areas. This apartment has 2 twin beds in the bedroom and one pullout bed for 2 in the lounge, flat Screen TV with selected satellite channels and Wi-Fi. Guests with 3 positive reviews or more get 5% discount on their bookings (please ask for this please, as I tend to be forgetful)! Promote my listing and get 10% on the bookings made through you! You will reside in the ""Village Saint Honore"", a very old and very posh, absolutely charming block in the very heart of Paris. It is the chime of the Saint Eustache church that will gently remind you that it is time to enjoy your breakfast and start a beautiful day, why not go downstairs and buy yourself some of these croissants the Julien Bakery earned its reputation for? You will soon find that you are a walking distance from everything, Pont Neuf, Tuileries, Pont aux Arts, Saint Germain-des-Pres, Beaubourg, Opera Garnier, Le Marais, Montorg"
14845	The apartment has two in-suite bedrooms - c'est à dire, each bedroom has its own spacious bathroom with large shower & sink. (The toilet, as most toilets in France, is separate from the showers and is located off the living room, next to the kitchen. The French think that this layout is more practical, so that if a person is occupying one of the showers, the toilet is still available to any others that may urgently need to use it! A strange concept to Americans, I know - but c'est la vie en France! ;) Thus, the flat is ideal for two couples or a family of four. The first bedroom has a Queen-sized bed, and the second bedroom has two twins that can be pushed together to make a King-sized bed. (The mattress topper to connect the two smaller mattresses is provided.) 	The Space Newly re-done, luxury 2-bedroom Haussmannian suite apartment located in the heart of Paris (Châtelet), adjacent to  the posh rue Montorgueil. The apartment has two in-suite bedrooms - c'est à dire, each bedroom has its own spacious bathroom with large shower & sink. (The toilet, as most toilets in France, is separate from the showers and is located off the living room, next to the kitchen. The French think that this layout is more practical, so that if a person is occupying one of the showers, the toilet is still available to any others that may urgently need to use it! A strange concept to Americans, I know - but c'est la vie en France! ;) Thus, the flat is ideal for two couples or a family of four. The first bedroom has a Queen-sized bed, and the second bedroom has two twins that can be pushed together to make a King-sized bed. (The mattress topper to connect the two smaller mattresses is provided.) The apartment has a fully-stocked kitchen, dining counter and living room w
14846	Duplex charmant avec poutres au cœur de Paris.	PROPOS COLOCATION DU 01 au 09 Septembre 2015 Duplex de 55m2 au cœur du quartier Châtelet. Meublé, très silencieux et sécurisé avec digicode et interphone. Idéal pour un couple ou une famille  40 Eur la nuit ou 300 Eur les 8 nuits. Merci. Duplex charmant avec poutres au cœur de Paris. Totalité du logement à disposition des voyageurs. Quartier Châtelet les Halles Proches toutes commodités ( commerces, transports (RER, métro, bus, vélib), restaurants, bar...).
14847	St Ho A6 Rue St Honoré 1er arrondissement, métro Pyramides 2 pièces, 45 m² environ Immeuble en pierre de taille avec ascenseur, digicode, gardienne étage : 6ème sur rue (avec ascenseur) douche salle de douche WC séparé Cuisine équipée (four, lave-vaisselle, cafetière ...) couchage : 1 lit double (chambre), 2 lits simples (séjour) séjour : avec coin salon  le plus : appartement spacieux et très clair equipements : lave linge, TV, DVD, internet par wifi... PRIX : 125 € / jour/ 1à 2 pers -             805 € / semaine/ 1à 2 pers             945 € / semaine / 3 a 4 pers             2350 € / mois             150 € / jour / 3 à 4 per Option ménage : 50€ SITUES AU COEUR DE PARIS Dans des bons immeubles, les appartements sont confortableset agréables. Vous y êtes comme chez vous ! • Vous disposez de TV couleur, téléphone, lecteur CD... • La cuisine est équipée pour vous permettre de préparer vos repas (micro-onde, cafetière, vaisselle complète...) • La literie est de qualité. Les draps et le li	St Ho A6 Rue St Honoré 1er arrondissement, métro Pyramides 2 pièces, 45 m² environ Immeuble en pierre de taille avec ascenseur, digicode, gardienne étage : 6ème sur rue (avec ascenseur) douche salle de douche WC séparé Cuisine équipée (four, lave-vaisselle, cafetière ...) couchage : 1 lit double (chambre), 2 lits simples (séjour) séjour : avec coin salon  le plus : appartement spacieux et très clair equipements : lave linge, TV, DVD, internet par wifi... PRIX : 125 € / jour/ 1à 2 pers -             805 € / semaine/ 1à 2 pers             945 € / semaine / 3 a 4 pers             2350 € / mois             150 € / jour / 3 à 4 per Option ménage : 50€ SITUES AU COEUR DE PARIS Dans des bons immeubles, les appartements sont confortableset agréables. Vous y êtes comme chez vous ! • Vous disposez de TV couleur, téléphone, lecteur CD... • La cuisine est équipée pour vous permettre de préparer vos repas (micro-onde, cafetière, vaisselle complète...) • La literie est de qualité. Les draps et le li
14848	La cuisine est équipée (micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, cafetière, grille-pain, bouilloire, lave-linge séchant). Du linge de bain vous attend dans une agréable salle d’eau avec toilettes. 	"La cuisine est équipée (micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, cafetière, grille-pain, bouilloire, lave-linge séchant). Du linge de bain vous attend dans une agréable salle d’eau avec toilettes.  Parking ""Pyramide"" à proximité, avenue de l'Opéra. Je reste disponible durant votre séjour pour toute question pratique sur le logement ou le quartier. Appartement situé entre le Palais royal et le métro pyramide. Vous pourrez aller à pied aux jardins des Tuileries, à la place Vendôme, à la place de la Concorde... Lignes de métro 1,7 et 14."
14849	"Beautifull and quiet duplex apartment 750 sq ft, with a view of St Honoré street. in the heart of Paris. Windows in each room with blackout blinds. On last and sixth floor of a very ""Parisian"" building (no elevator).  Entrance with large closet. Independant kitchen: Mini-dish-washer, laundry washer and dryer, micro-wave oven, programmable coffee machine, toaster, water boiller, cooking device. Dishes and cooking tools. Toilets with wash bassin. Dinning room/living room: Included internet access. Mini stereo player with tuner. HD TV Telephone. Round table, 6 folding chairs. 2 sofas, including one ""2 seconds"" pullout sofa-bed (140x190) very comfortable for every day sleeping. Bedroom : Double bed (140x190) Clock radio with IPhone dock. Telephone. Closets. Bathroom: Second toilets. Very large shower. Arround the block: - Plenty of retaurants. - Club Med Gym. - Public parking (rue Marengo). - G20 grocery and ""all you need"" stuff. 2mn walk from: - Metro stations : Palais-Royal, Tuileries, P"	"Beautifull stylish duplex apartment 750sqft on 6th fl. Close to everything. Beautifull and quiet duplex apartment 750 sq ft, with a view of St Honoré street. in the heart of Paris. Windows in each room with blackout blinds. On last and sixth floor of a very ""Parisian"" building (no elevator).  Entrance with large closet. Independant kitchen: Mini-dish-washer, laundry washer and dryer, micro-wave oven, programmable coffee machine, toaster, water boiller, cooking device. Dishes and cooking tools. Toilets with wash bassin. Dinning room/living room: Included internet access. Mini stereo player with tuner. HD TV Telephone. Round table, 6 folding chairs. 2 sofas, including one ""2 seconds"" pullout sofa-bed (140x190) very comfortable for every day sleeping. Bedroom : Double bed (140x190) Clock radio with IPhone dock. Telephone. Closets. Bathroom: Second toilets. Very large shower. Arround the block: - Plenty of retaurants. - Club Med Gym. - Public parking (rue Marengo). - G20 grocery and ""all y"
14850	Le logement Situé dans une rue calme, cet appartement  vous permettra de vous reposer après vos dures journées passées à arpenter la capitale. Nice flat placed in a quiet street. It's the perfect place to have a rest after a long day in Paris. Charmant studio se situant au troisième étage d'un charmant immeuble. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous grâce à son coté cosy. This is a charming appartement.  The kitchen is  functionnal. You will feel like home Je suis disponibles via mon email ou via mon numéro de téléphone pour toute question concernant l'appartement, le quartier, ou encore les facilités de déplacement. You can reach me threw my cell phone or my email adress. Do not hesitate if you have any question about the flat, the area or even about the public transports. Ce quartier dynamique est situé dans une des zones les plus touristiques. Vous vivrez donc la vie d'un parisien typique. Vous serez à deux pas du Louvre et de Châtelet.  Les Champs Elysée et ses boutiques attendent v	Le logement Situé dans une rue calme, cet appartement vous permettra de vous reposer après vos dures journées passées à arpenter la capitale. Nice flat placed in a quiet street. It's the perfect place to have a rest after a long Le logement Situé dans une rue calme, cet appartement  vous permettra de vous reposer après vos dures journées passées à arpenter la capitale. Nice flat placed in a quiet street. It's the perfect place to have a rest after a long day in Paris. Charmant studio se situant au troisième étage d'un charmant immeuble. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous grâce à son coté cosy. This is a charming appartement.  The kitchen is  functionnal. You will feel like home Je suis disponibles via mon email ou via mon numéro de téléphone pour toute question concernant l'appartement, le quartier, ou encore les facilités de déplacement. You can reach me threw my cell phone or my email adress. Do not hesitate if you have any question about the flat, the area or even about the public
14851		Large and charming 45 m2 apartment located in the lively neighborhood of Montorgeuil Le Marais.  Situated in the very center of the city, it's close to the famous monuments and museums of Paris.  Calm, designed and renovated flat, it will make you feel at home in the best conditions. 
14852	L emplacement / situation	Mon tout petit studio très agréable à vivre se trouve sous les combles dans le 1 er arrondissement à côté de la rue saint honoré à 5 min du Louvre et a 8 min à pieds de la rue Rivolli.  Vue sur les toits de Paris, quartier calme . L emplacement / situation Lignes de metro : opéra/ tullerie/ pyramide. Oui, je prends le temps pour qu il se sente au mieux La vie de quartier Ligne 1, 7, 8,9,14 en metro
14853	At the Palais-Royal with a great view! Central and very quit at the same time.	Stay at the Royal Palace. Cosy one bedroom apartment of 25 sq.m next to the Louvre with an outstanding view on the Palais-Royal and romantic sunsets. At the Palais-Royal with a great view! Central and very quit at the same time. New bed (140/190, no photos yet, but it's really there) with new linen. Fully equipped kitchen that is also a nice dining room. Free Wifi and washing machine. If needed, we'll tell you all: where to go, where to eat or have a drink in an authentic non-touristic atmosphere, where to buy the best bread and croissants... And we would be happy to exchange on various experiences, but only if you wish to. Otherwise you'll enjoy full privacy and feel like home in Paris.
14854	Très jolie studio (avec mini balcon) en plein cœur de Paris dans un immeuble classé monument historique , au 5ème étage avec ascenseur .	Studio Paris centre agréable et lumineux,dans le 1er place du marché St Honoré,près de l'Opéra,du Louvre, de la place Vendôme et du jardin des Tuileries.Tous commerces et très bien desservi. Studio tout équipé,kitchenette, salle d'eau,wc,douche. Très jolie studio (avec mini balcon) en plein cœur de Paris dans un immeuble classé monument historique , au 5ème étage avec ascenseur . Accés wifi et câble télé . A 20m de la rue Saint Honoré ou se situe la fameuse boutique Colette , Goyard et tant d'autres . Idéal pour le shopping , les visites de musée les plus populaires de la capital ( Louvre , musé d'Orsay etc ... ) les grands monuments de Paris ( Opéra Garnier, Arc de triomphe, l'église de la Madeleine.. ) ou tout simplement pour visiter  Paris. A 2 pas ce situe également le jardin des Tuileries, idéal pour les sportifs qui ont envie de faire un petit footing à n'importe quel moment de la journée. Juste en bas de l'immeuble se trouve la place du marché Saint Honoré ou de nombreux restaur
14855	St Ho C5G Rue St Honoré 1er arrondissement, métro Pyramides Studio 30m² environ. Immeuble pierre avec gardienne, digicode. étage : 5ème (avec ascenseur) douche salle de bain avec baignoire et WC Cuisine cuisine séparée, équipée (frigo, cafetière ...) couchage : 1 lit 2 personnes et un lit d'appoint séjour : oui le plus : calme au coeur de Paris equipements : lave linge séchant, TV, DVD, internet Haut débit . SITUES AU COEUR DE PARIS Dans des bons immeubles, les appartements sont confortableset agréables. Vous y êtes comme chez vous ! • Vous disposez de TV couleur, téléphone, lecteur CD... • La cuisine est équipée pour vous permettre de préparer vos repas (micro-onde, cafetière, vaisselle complète...) • La literie est de qualité. Les draps et le linge de toilette sont fournis. Un contact simple, accueillantet chaleureux pour répondreau mieux à votre demande.	St Ho C5G Rue St Honoré 1er arrondissement, métro Pyramides Studio 30m² environ. Immeuble pierre avec gardienne, digicode. étage : 5ème (avec ascenseur) douche salle de bain avec baignoire et WC Cuisine cuisine séparée, équipée (frigo, cafetière ...) couchage : 1 lit 2 personnes et un lit d'appoint séjour : oui le plus : calme au coeur de Paris equipements : lave linge séchant, TV, DVD, internet Haut débit . SITUES AU COEUR DE PARIS Dans des bons immeubles, les appartements sont confortableset agréables. Vous y êtes comme chez vous ! • Vous disposez de TV couleur, téléphone, lecteur CD... • La cuisine est équipée pour vous permettre de préparer vos repas (micro-onde, cafetière, vaisselle complète...) • La literie est de qualité. Les draps et le linge de toilette sont fournis. Un contact simple, accueillantet chaleureux pour répondreau mieux à votre demande.
14856	This 47 sq mt studio apartment comprises two main areas: the living area and the sleeping area. Entering the property, you have direct access to the living area, which includes a round table for 4 people, two large windows on the right wall, an Indian piece of furniture on the left wall and a built-in closet. On the left of the entrance door there is a niche where the fully equipped kitchen corner is located.  A purple wall divides this area from the sleeping area, which offers a double sofa bed (140cm), a TV and a coffee table. The wall at the end of the room is covered in mirrors which hide a hideaway double bed. On the right of the bed, a door and three steps lead to the bathroom, covered in purple linoleum and fitted with a shower stall, a basin and a WC.	Spacious studio apartment in Paris, completely renovated in 2012 and located on the 3rd floor of a building (without elevator) accessible from the porticos of Rue de Rivoli, situated in the heart of the city, right in front of the Louvre.    This 47 sq mt studio apartment comprises two main areas: the living area and the sleeping area. Entering the property, you have direct access to the living area, which includes a round table for 4 people, two large windows on the right wall, an Indian piece of furniture on the left wall and a built-in closet. On the left of the entrance door there is a niche where the fully equipped kitchen corner is located.  A purple wall divides this area from the sleeping area, which offers a double sofa bed (140cm), a TV and a coffee table. The wall at the end of the room is covered in mirrors which hide a hideaway double bed. On the right of the bed, a door and three steps lead to the bathroom, covered in purple linoleum and fitted with a shower stall, a basi
14857	• Elegance, Warmth and Charm at The Palais Royal This beautiful, traditional French 2 bedroom-2 bathroom elegant apartment is situated in the heart of central Paris, directly on the gardens of historic Palais Royal and a short walk across the beautiful gardens from the Louvre Museum. It is the ideal spot for families, friends, or couples traveling together who want to experience real Parisian living.  The apartment has kept its traditional French architecture with several entrances to the apartment, a long hall separates the king bedroom and large shower bathroom from the rest of the apartment. There are large rounded floor-level windows in each room and typical French low ceilings which enhance the elegance, warmth and charm of the French/Italian decor with original paintings and antiques.  The building elevator takes you directly to the apartment. There are two entrances to the apartment: one is in the kitchen and the other in the long hallway. The cosy living room overlooks the hist	This beautiful, traditional French, 2 bedroom - 2 bathroom elegant apartment (85 square meters - 915 square feet) is situated in the heart of central Paris, directly on the gardens of historic Palais Royal and a short walk across the beautiful garden • Elegance, Warmth and Charm at The Palais Royal This beautiful, traditional French 2 bedroom-2 bathroom elegant apartment is situated in the heart of central Paris, directly on the gardens of historic Palais Royal and a short walk across the beautiful gardens from the Louvre Museum. It is the ideal spot for families, friends, or couples traveling together who want to experience real Parisian living.  The apartment has kept its traditional French architecture with several entrances to the apartment, a long hall separates the king bedroom and large shower bathroom from the rest of the apartment. There are large rounded floor-level windows in each room and typical French low ceilings which enhance the elegance, warmth and charm of the French
14858	This is the listing to rent one bedroom in my apartment, which means that you will be sharing it with me (there are two bedrooms). I have another listing, should you be interested to rent the entire apartment. When it comes to luxury, romance, and mystique, Paris is paramount and Louvre – Tuileries upholds its esteemed reputation. Boasting the palatial Tuileries Gardens and the world-class Louvre museum, this neighborhood comprises Paris’ attractions. For those looking to live less regally, Louvre – Tuileries’ enchanting plazas and boutique-filled boulevards provide casual respites from highbrow pursuits. Whatever your preference, the neighborhood encourages hours-long exploration—all under the watchful eyes of da Vinci’s Mona Lisa. Situated in the heart of the French Capital, the apartment is just a stone’s throw from the symbolic sites: For instance, less than 10 minutes walk from the Champs-Elysées Avenue, la Madeleine, Notre Dame, Opera Garnier, and the Centre Pompidou.  Ideally lo	Ideally located on one of the most famous streets of Paris, Rivoli street, this open, light-filled apartment with hardwood floors, high ceilings and state-of-the-art modern furniture benefits from prestigious surroundings, right in the heart of Paris This is the listing to rent one bedroom in my apartment, which means that you will be sharing it with me (there are two bedrooms). I have another listing, should you be interested to rent the entire apartment. When it comes to luxury, romance, and mystique, Paris is paramount and Louvre – Tuileries upholds its esteemed reputation. Boasting the palatial Tuileries Gardens and the world-class Louvre museum, this neighborhood comprises Paris’ attractions. For those looking to live less regally, Louvre – Tuileries’ enchanting plazas and boutique-filled boulevards provide casual respites from highbrow pursuits. Whatever your preference, the neighborhood encourages hours-long exploration—all under the watchful eyes of da Vinci’s Mona Lisa. Situat
14859	Cuisine équipée, salle de bain moderne, dans une copropriété calme et agréable.	5 minutes du Louvre 5 minutes de l'Opéra de Paris 5 minutes de la place du marche de Saint Honoré 5 minutes de la place Vendôme L'emplacement est idéal pour visiter les lieux principaux de la capitale. Cuisine équipée, salle de bain moderne, dans une copropriété calme et agréable. Cuisine, chambre séparée, salon et salle de bain Vous pouvez me contacter pendant votre séjour En plein coeur de Paris.  Lieux à 5 minutes : - Opéra - Le Louvre - Place du marché de Saint Honoré Métro Pyramide ou Quatre septembre Deux bornes de Vélib en bas de l'appartement
14860	Hyper central	Gd lit+canapé-lit dans chambre calme&ensoleillée, colorée&ethno ds appart de 60M2. Pièce commune, grande cuisine, SDB avec baignoire.  Quartier hyper central, très agréable et proche de tout (Opéra, Louvre, Tuileries, Concorde). Quartier de la mode. Hyper central Séjour, cuisine et salle de bain. Par mail, téléphone et en laissant de la documentation, des informations... Quartier très vivant même si plutôt chic.  Quartier de la mode, nombreuses boutiques de luxe ou plus standard. Petits commerçants. Sites culturels d'importance majeure à proximité. Lignes 1, 7, 12 & 14. Nombreux bus.  Stations Vélib. Taxis.
14861		2 fully renovated flats at the same floor, situated in the very center of Paris, less than 2 min walk from the famous Louvre Museum and Palais Royal, 5 min walk from numerous transport, direct line to Airport. Calm street in a very exciting district
14862	Quartier du Palais Royal, Rue de Richelieu a 3 min a pied du métro dans un bel immeuble au charme trés Parisien du 17 siècle, beau studio meuble de 28 metre carre’4’ieme étage avec ascenseur, plein sud. 1 couchage deux places (canapé lit Bultex), cuisine equipée, salle de bains avec baignoire, lave-linge, fourniture des draps et linge de maison, wifi et télévision. Libre a’ partir du 15th November 2013.  Seulement pour les femmes. Pas pour les fumeurs. Arrangements à court terme sont est bien .Prix : E 1000 par mois + E 1000 caution. Envoyer un email a’ (email hidden) Area Palais Royal, Rue de Richelieu 3 min walking distance from the metro in a charming 17th century building (with lift) facing South, is a furnished studio 28 m2 on the 4th floor. 1 double accommodation (pull-out bed Bultex), equipped kitchen, bathroom with a tub, washing machine, house provides the supply of bed-linen, wifi, tv. To let from 15th November  2013 onwards. For women only. Not for smokers. Short term arrang	Quartier du Palais Royal, Rue de Richelieu a 3 min a pied du métro dans un bel immeuble au charme trés Parisien du 17 siècle, beau studio meuble de 28 metre carre’4’ieme étage avec ascenseur, plein sud. 1 couchage deux places (canapé lit Bultex), cuisine equipée, salle de bains avec baignoire, lave-linge, fourniture des draps et linge de maison, wifi et télévision. Libre a’ partir du 15th November 2013.  Seulement pour les femmes. Pas pour les fumeurs. Arrangements à court terme sont est bien .Prix : E 1000 par mois + E 1000 caution. Envoyer un email a’ (email hidden) Area Palais Royal, Rue de Richelieu 3 min walking distance from the metro in a charming 17th century building (with lift) facing South, is a furnished studio 28 m2 on the 4th floor. 1 double accommodation (pull-out bed Bultex), equipped kitchen, bathroom with a tub, washing machine, house provides the supply of bed-linen, wifi, tv. To let from 15th November  2013 onwards. For women only. Not for smokers. Short term arrang
14863	AMENITIES: -2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with 1 toilet -Located in a secure coded building on the 2nd floor without an elevator -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Fresh towels and linens provided on arrival -Washer and dryer as well as a hairdryer -METRO: Palais Royal – Musée du Louvre (Lines 1, 7) The apartment has a beautifully modern, light and airy living kitchen area. The fully equipped kitchen has a microwave, 2-plate electric hotplate, coffee machine fridge and freezer as well as a kettle. There is also all the pots, pans, cutlery, utensils and crockery that you could need during your stay. The living area has a dining table that can comfortably seat 4 people so that you can enjoy all of the delicious local produce, or fresh croissants available nearby the apartment. There is also a comfortable sofa on which you can watch the flat screen television with mix of French, English and foreign language channels.  Just off the living area is the first bedroom at the front of the	1st Arrondissement Louvre Apartment  2 Separate Bedrooms, 1 Living Room, 1 Kitchen, 2 Bathrooms, 1 Toilet, Sleeps 5 AMENITIES: -2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with 1 toilet -Located in a secure coded building on the 2nd floor without an elevator -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Fresh towels and linens provided on arrival -Washer and dryer as well as a hairdryer -METRO: Palais Royal – Musée du Louvre (Lines 1, 7) The apartment has a beautifully modern, light and airy living kitchen area. The fully equipped kitchen has a microwave, 2-plate electric hotplate, coffee machine fridge and freezer as well as a kettle. There is also all the pots, pans, cutlery, utensils and crockery that you could need during your stay. The living area has a dining table that can comfortably seat 4 people so that you can enjoy all of the delicious local produce, or fresh croissants available nearby the apartment. There is also a comfortable sofa on which you can watch the flat screen television with mix 
14864	Modern and quiet flat, on rue saint-honoré! One of the most beautiful street in Paris!	Nice flat ideally located in the center of Paris: 2mn from Louvre, Seine, place Vendome and Marché Saint Honoré. 2 rooms with one bedroom and a living-room, in excellent state. The neighborhood is very quiet. Kitchen fully-equiped. Modern and quiet flat, on rue saint-honoré! One of the most beautiful street in Paris! Full equiped flat, with internet, tv, kitchen and bathroom. You will have the full flat for your trip, depending on your arrival, I also can pick you up at the airport. You can call / mail / whatsapp whenever you want during your trip. Saint-Honoré is the center of Paris, 2mn walk from Louvre, Opera. 5mn walk from the Seine. 15mn walk from the Champs Elysées and St Germain des Prés. 20mn walk from Le Marais. You will love the typic parisian chic atmosphere there! I also love the big garden Tuileries just behind the flat. Airportbus from Roissy arriving 10mn away from the flat. Metro Tuileries (line 1) and Pyramides (line 7 and 14) are 5mn away from the flat. 1 bed
14865	GREAT LOFT Metro Opéra, Palais Royal, Pyramides 1 space for the Living Room with a huge sofa and a long Table for diner. 1 space for the bedroom (160cm)  1 Bathroom with a bath 1 Kitchen with fridge, micro wave, etc.... 1 separated toilet 1 huge plasma screen with DVD The apartment is in an anciant building with 2 windows giving in the street and 1 window giving in the courtyard The neighborhood is fantastic: very secure of course but walking close to the Louvres, Opéra, Palais Royal, Tuileries etc... 1st level without elevator. private entrance Beautiful decoration from architect 	GREAT LOFT Metro Opéra, Palais Royal, Pyramides 1 space for the Living Room with a huge sofa and a long Table for diner. 1 space for the bedroom (160cm)  1 Bathroom with a bath 1 Kitchen with fridge, micro wave, etc.... 1 separated toilet 1 huge plasma screen with DVD The apartment is in an anciant building with 2 windows giving in the street and 1 window giving in the courtyard The neighborhood is fantastic: very secure of course but walking close to the Louvres, Opéra, Palais Royal, Tuileries etc... 1st level without elevator. private entrance Beautiful decoration from architect I will give you the key and stay in touch for any advices and needs it's the real center of Paris! 5 mns from the Louvres, Opéra, Palais Royal , Les Halles
14866	Idéalement situé en plein centre de Paris, à deux pas du Louvre, du jardin des Tuileries, de l'Opéra  Garnier, de la place de la Concorde et de la place Vendôme	Appartement entièrement meublé de 65m2 poutres apparentes à louer à Paris, dans splendide quartier Place Vendôme – Paris 1er – Metro Tuileries. Nombreux restaurants et magasins à proximité Idéalement situé en plein centre de Paris, à deux pas du Louvre, du jardin des Tuileries, de l'Opéra  Garnier, de la place de la Concorde et de la place Vendôme Appartement au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Chambre sur cour. Armoire-lit pour 2 couchages supplémentaires. Cuisine équipée. Salle de Bains avec douche. Wifi gratuit. A deux pas du célèbre magasin Colette ou vous aurez tout loisir de découvrir les dernières nouveautés de la mode parisienne, de la charmante place du Marché St Honoré ou vous trouverez de nombreux restaurants sympathiques, la situation idéale de cet appartement permettra à chacun de profiter pleinement de son séjour parisien Les stations Opéra (ligne 7, 3 & RER A), Concorde (ligne 1, 12, 8), Tuileries (ligne 1) & Pyramides (ligne 14) sont rapidement accessibles à pied. En outre un
14867	Brand new with first choice quality furniture and materials, nice view on the street (2nd floor) typical old parisian building, lots of light and windows	"This 58m² brand new apartment renovated by architect is located in the most central area of the city.  The Louvre museum, and garden of the Tuileries are at walking distance, as well as the Champs Elysées Brand new with first choice quality furniture and materials, nice view on the street (2nd floor) typical old parisian building, lots of light and windows Wifi, Sonos sound system, all bedsheets and towls, full equiped kitchen I am always available for a call, email or text message. Don't hesitate to contact me I speak English, German, French and Spanish Beautiful, central and charming. In the neighbourhood you will find great shopping opportunities (famous ""Colette"" store across the entrance), nice restaurants and cultural activites among which the mythical Louvre museum Metro line one station Tuileries"
14868		A few steps from the Louvre, the Musée d'Orsay and Saint Germain des Près, this apartment of 70 m2 is located in the best place of Paris. Very bright, in a Haussmann building. View over the roofs of Paris, double exposure (south and north). Quiet and historic neighborhood of Paris, with many shops and restaurants. Subway bus velib taxi
14869	"Set-"""" AVENUE OF THE OPERA """"... ""Facing the Louvre and the Place du Palais Royal ""..."""""" PRIVILEGED POSITION"". CLOSE--: ..- De La Place Vendome, Champs Elysees, Rue de la Paix, Rue Royale, Opera (Garnier), Place de la Concorde, Rue Saint Honore,Notre Dame Etc ... SURROUNDED .- -: The ...- Department Stores, Hotels Paris, Fashion shops, Museums, (Face to the Louvre) Theatres, cinemas, tourist sites, (Office of Tourism to 100 meters) French Comedy Opera ... Two parks (Royal Palace Garden and Jardin des Tuileries) ... """""""""""""""""" SITUATION EXCEPTIONNELLE """""""""""""""""" Subway, bus, Meteor: 20 meters. Parking: 100 meters. Large surface area for your needs: 100 meters. (Alimentation.) Taxi rank: 50 meters. In a stately building. Digital lock, guard. -Studio, 7th floor with elevator, """" Eiffel Tower view "","" Clear and unobstructed (see photo). Equipped for two people + bed (BB). Kitchenette, stove, microwave, Fridge, washer kits. Washroom, Separate toilet, TV, Internet access, WiFi, hair dryer, ir"	"A nest of love in the heart of Paris, This studio is located Avenue de l'Opera opposite the Louvre Museum, Metro 20 m from the metro. The tourist office, supermarket, shopping, surround the apartment. Set-"""" AVENUE OF THE OPERA """"... ""Facing the Louvre and the Place du Palais Royal ""..."""""" PRIVILEGED POSITION"". CLOSE--: ..- De La Place Vendome, Champs Elysees, Rue de la Paix, Rue Royale, Opera (Garnier), Place de la Concorde, Rue Saint Honore,Notre Dame Etc ... SURROUNDED .- -: The ...- Department Stores, Hotels Paris, Fashion shops, Museums, (Face to the Louvre) Theatres, cinemas, tourist sites, (Office of Tourism to 100 meters) French Comedy Opera ... Two parks (Royal Palace Garden and Jardin des Tuileries) ... """""""""""""""""" SITUATION EXCEPTIONNELLE """""""""""""""""" Subway, bus, Meteor: 20 meters. Parking: 100 meters. Large surface area for your needs: 100 meters. (Alimentation.) Taxi rank: 50 meters. In a stately building. Digital lock, guard. -Studio, 7th floor with elevator, """" Eiffel Tower "
14870	2 pièces de 38m2. Chambre séparée, grand lit double.  Canapé-lit double dans le salon. Nombreux rangements. Machine à café Nespresso avec capsules à disposition.	Between Châtelet and Les Halles, charming flat 38m², one bedroom with queen size bed, one convertible sofa in the living room, fully equipped. Next to museum, cinema, theaters, all transportation (metro, RER, bus).
14871	Situated on the oldest bridge in Paris, the building is registered as a National Heritage Site of France and is in the heart of the historic old city.  Entrance by the Place Dauphine and giving on to the Quai des Orfèvres, and overlooking the Seine,the apartment has a view cleared with the windows which insure brilliant inside and romantic views. The surface is 43m2, very comfortably outfitted and perfect for two people.  The big windows provide a panoramic view from the Quai des Orfèvres towards the Louvre and Saint-Michel, the Pont Neuf, la passerelle des Arts, l’Hôtel de la Monnaie, l'Académie française, the glass rooftop of the Grand Palais at sunset, the Eiffel Tower, all the way to la Défense. You can even hear the ringing of the bells of Notre Dame, just around the corner as well.  The painter Albert Marquet, a friend of Edward Hopper, used to live in this apartment, where he created his most famous paintings in 1905-06. Through the same windows where he searched his inspiration	Ideal in August with Paris beach, In an idyllic postcard-like setting, this designer artist’s apartment is located on the Ile de la Cité, right on the Pont Neuf over the Seine, ideal for admiring all of central Paris and famous « bateaux-mouches » . Situated on the oldest bridge in Paris, the building is registered as a National Heritage Site of France and is in the heart of the historic old city.  Entrance by the Place Dauphine and giving on to the Quai des Orfèvres, and overlooking the Seine,the apartment has a view cleared with the windows which insure brilliant inside and romantic views. The surface is 43m2, very comfortably outfitted and perfect for two people.  The big windows provide a panoramic view from the Quai des Orfèvres towards the Louvre and Saint-Michel, the Pont Neuf, la passerelle des Arts, l’Hôtel de la Monnaie, l'Académie française, the glass rooftop of the Grand Palais at sunset, the Eiffel Tower, all the way to la Défense. You can even hear the ringing of the bell
14872	The apartment is on the third floor (no elevator). The building is protected with an entry system. 	Cosy 2/3-room apt 55m² ideally located on the Marché St-Honoré square, between Musée du Louvre, Jardin desTuileries, Madeleine and Opera. 1 bedroom with king size bed. Double living room with sofa bed. Bathroom with bath. High speed internet (wifi). The apartment is on the third floor (no elevator). The building is protected with an entry system. ADSL internet connection (Wifi / ethernet), washing machine, many storage spaces, devices and kitchenware are at disposal. Being parisian, I can give you many advices for places to go (restaurants, bars, ...). This lovely apartment is located right in the center of Paris, 100m from many historical sites (Louvre, Opera, Tuileries, place Vendome). Moreover, the square Place du Marché Saint Honoré is famous for its restaurants and bars. The neighborhood combines both historical atmosphere and the Parisian way of life. The apartment is located 50 meters from Pyramides station (metro lines 7 and 14), 100 meters from Opera station (airports shuttle,
14873	This apartment of 45 m², (2 duplex rooms) is located rue de Buci in the 6 th arrondissement.  It is the 4th floor of a building of the XX th Century with elevator and can accommodate 3 people.  It is equipped with a washing machine, a dryer, a dishwasher , cable , television , DVD player and an internet connection. Only one real room up the stairs , there is a very confortable sofa bed (160cm) in the living room. Odeon metro station - Mabillon Area: St Germain des Pres Located in the most prestigious area , most famous and most lively St Germain des Pres . Close to numerous cafes, restaurants, cinemas, Supermarkets and fashion boutiques . This area is famous for its many art galleries. It is close to the church St Germain , Café de Flore , Les Deux Magots and the Brasserie Lipp . You would be living in the heart of Paris for a stay out of the ordinary .	This apartment of 45 m², (2 duplex rooms) is located rue de Buci in the 6 th arrondissement.  It is the 4th floor of a building of the XX th Century with elevator and can accommodate 3 people.  It is equipped with a washing machine, a dryer, a dishwasher , cable , television , DVD player and an internet connection. Only one real room up the stairs , there is a very confortable sofa bed (160cm) in the living room. Odeon metro station - Mabillon Area: St Germain des Pres Located in the most prestigious area , most famous and most lively St Germain des Pres . Close to numerous cafes, restaurants, cinemas, Supermarkets and fashion boutiques . This area is famous for its many art galleries. It is close to the church St Germain , Café de Flore , Les Deux Magots and the Brasserie Lipp . You would be living in the heart of Paris for a stay out of the ordinary .
14874		Studio du XVIIe siècle dans un immeuble classé. RDC sur cour pavée. Tout équipé (Baignoire, TV Internet...), atypique et plein de charme au coeur du Paris historique. A 2 min à pied Louvres, des Halles et 5 min du Marais. Idéal séjour romantique.
14875	Le studio se situe au centre de Paris, non loin du musée du Louvre, idéal pour un séjour touristique ou d'affaires.	Magnifique pied-à-terre pour 1 à 2 personnes situé au 1er étage avec ascenseur.  Très bel immeuble parisien en plein cœur de Paris, à 300m du Musée du Louvre et du Pont-Neuf. Idéalement situé pour faire du shopping, proche des Champs Elysées... Le studio se situe au centre de Paris, non loin du musée du Louvre, idéal pour un séjour touristique ou d'affaires. L'appartement offre également un accès direct à tous les quartiers d’affaires parisiens (La Défense, Opéra, Haussmann, Champs Elysées, Gare de Lyon, etc …) Vous trouverez des restaurants, des épiceries et des bars juste à côté de l'établissement. La rue de rivoli accessible en 2 minutes, donne accès à plusieurs boutiques de grandes marques pour faire du shopping. Le Musée du Louvre est à 10 minutes. Transport en commun: Métro:  Station Châtelet (ligne 1, 4, 7, 11, et 14), à 5 minutes RER: Station  Châtelet-les-Halles (RER A, RER B, RER D), à 10 minutes Draps, serviettes, shampoing sont fournis. Eau et boisson fraiche de bienvenue.
14876	Studio de 28m² environ, dans immeuble en pierre avec gardienne, digicode, et ascenseur étage : 5ème sur cour (avec ascenseur) une douche une salle de bain avec une baignoire et WC Cuisine cuisine type américaine couchage : 1 lit double séjour : oui le plus : immeuble calme au coeur de Paris equipements : un lave linge séchant, une TV, DVD, internet Haut débit. SITUES AU COEUR DE PARIS Dans des bons immeubles, les appartements sont confortables et agréables. Vous y êtes comme chez vous ! • Vous disposez de TV couleur, téléphone, lecteur CD... • La cuisine est équipée pour vous permettre de préparer vos repas (micro-onde, cafetière, vaisselle complète...) • La literie est de qualité. Les draps  et le linge de toilette sont fournis. 	Studio de 28m² environ, dans immeuble en pierre avec gardienne, digicode, et ascenseur étage : 5ème sur cour (avec ascenseur) une douche une salle de bain avec une baignoire et WC Cuisine cuisine type américaine couchage : 1 lit double séjour : oui le plus : immeuble calme au coeur de Paris equipements : un lave linge séchant, une TV, DVD, internet Haut débit. SITUES AU COEUR DE PARIS Dans des bons immeubles, les appartements sont confortables et agréables. Vous y êtes comme chez vous ! • Vous disposez de TV couleur, téléphone, lecteur CD... • La cuisine est équipée pour vous permettre de préparer vos repas (micro-onde, cafetière, vaisselle complète...) • La literie est de qualité. Les draps  et le linge de toilette sont fournis.
14877	La localisation idéale de cet appartement rendra votre séjour à Paris inoubliable. A 50 mètres des Halles, de Rivoli et ses nombreux magasins, vous serez également à proximité du centre George Pompidou, de Notre Dame de Paris, de Châtelet, du Marais...  L'appartement de 35m² dispose d'une grande chambre avec un lit de 140cm et d'une grande penderie. Une salle de bain avec baignoire est attenante à la chambre. La pièce principale a son coin repas (tables pour 6), son coin salon avec canapé convertible en lit 2 places, et sa cuisine américaine. Celle-ci contient frigidaire, plaques de cuisson, micro-onde, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge. Chaque pièce dispose d'une fenêtre rendant l'appartement clair et agréable. Le wifi (fibre optique) est disponible gratuitement ainsi que de nombreuses chaines françaises et internationales sur la télévision. L'appartement est au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur). .../... The ideal location of this apartment will make your stay in Paris unforgettable. At 50 meters 	2pièces rénové en septembre2013. Il se situe dans le quartier piéton des Halles, aux portes du Marais, à proximité immédiate de nombreux restaurants, bars et magasins. .../... A nice recently renewed 2 rooms apartment, localized in the pedestrian area of Les Halles, near Le Marais. La localisation idéale de cet appartement rendra votre séjour à Paris inoubliable. A 50 mètres des Halles, de Rivoli et ses nombreux magasins, vous serez également à proximité du centre George Pompidou, de Notre Dame de Paris, de Châtelet, du Marais...  L'appartement de 35m² dispose d'une grande chambre avec un lit de 140cm et d'une grande penderie. Une salle de bain avec baignoire est attenante à la chambre. La pièce principale a son coin repas (tables pour 6), son coin salon avec canapé convertible en lit 2 places, et sa cuisine américaine. Celle-ci contient frigidaire, plaques de cuisson, micro-onde, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge. Chaque pièce dispose d'une fenêtre rendant l'appartement clair et agréable. Le
14878	Entièrement rénové en Avril 2015, ce cozy et lumineux appartement 20m2 de 2 pièces se situe au cœur du quartier animé Montorgueil (Rue Marie-Stuart) où se trouvent plusieurs cafés, restaurants, boulangeries... La décoration est soignée par moi-même : vintage & cozy !  Il est à 5ème étage d’un ancien immeuble parisien 17ème siècle, SANS ASCENSEUR ( NO LIFT) et donne sur une petite cour intérieure au calme.  Il se compose d’une chambre séparée avec un lit double 140cm x 200cm, un séjour avec le salon convertible 120cm x 190cm,  la cuisine (équipé de frigo, vitrocéramique, micro-ondes four, grille- pain, cafetière, bouilloire, vaisselles, ustensiles de cuisine…), le coin à manger, la toilette et la douche sont dans l’appartement.  Il est équipé de la TV,  l’internet wifi et le coffre fort pour la sécurité de vos objets personnels. L’appartement est très calme et lumineux avec 3 grandes fenêtre, typiquement parisien. Linge de lit et serviette de bain sont fournis. Gel douche, shampoing, pa	Entièrement rénové en Avril 2015, ce cozy et lumineux appartement 20m2 de 2 pièces se situe au cœur du quartier animé Montorgueil (Rue Marie-Stuart) où se trouvent plusieurs cafés, restaurants, boulangeries... La décoration est soignée par moi-même : vintage & cozy !  Il est à 5ème étage d’un ancien immeuble parisien 17ème siècle, SANS ASCENSEUR ( NO LIFT) et donne sur une petite cour intérieure au calme.  Il se compose d’une chambre séparée avec un lit double 140cm x 200cm, un séjour avec le salon convertible 120cm x 190cm,  la cuisine (équipé de frigo, vitrocéramique, micro-ondes four, grille- pain, cafetière, bouilloire, vaisselles, ustensiles de cuisine…), le coin à manger, la toilette et la douche sont dans l’appartement.  Il est équipé de la TV,  l’internet wifi et le coffre fort pour la sécurité de vos objets personnels. L’appartement est très calme et lumineux avec 3 grandes fenêtre, typiquement parisien. Linge de lit et serviette de bain sont fournis. Gel douche, shampoing, pa
14879	Located near the historical Louvre Museum, this charming 3-bedroom apartment is the perfect place for a family or group of friends visiting the city. With its spacious living room and its elegant dining area, it is the perfect place to organize a family diner and share some time together. The living room has ample seating and relaxing space to allow your grop to enjoy a movie on the large flat screen TV. The apartment is located on the 4th floor with elevator, overlooking the street « Pont Neuf » from the living room. All 3 bedrooms have a queen size bed. While the master bedroom has a personal bathroom, the 2 other bedrooms share the second bathroom. The apartment was decorated in a contemporary style with modern-chic furniture.	This 45m²  apartment has an exclusive address on the Rue du Rivoli, just in front of the  Tuileries Garden.  Charming and centrally located, it's perfect Parisian homebase for a couple or small group.  The unit is private so all amenities are available and included in the rate: wifi, kitchen, washing machine, cable tv, phone, etc. We'll meet you with the keys and remain available for support throughout your stay. Where the Rue du Rivoli meets the Champs Elysees, the Place de la Concorde is one of the most breathtaking locations in all of France. It is emblematic of the city's splendid architecture and fascinating history : there's the the Tuileries Garden, where 17th century nobility promenaded, the National Assembly, where the Revolution was born, the Obelisk, brought back from Napoleon's conquest.  Central and chic, the apartment is just next door to some of the world's most famous restaurants and hotels, like the Crillon and le Meurice.  Sightseeing nearby: The Louvre, The Jardin de
14880	This beautiful apartment is very spacious (60m2 - 645 sq ft), one bed room with queen size bed and a full equipped kitchen, washing machine and dryer, unlimited wi-fi access.  You will rent the full place, there will be no host., and it can receive 2 extra guests on the sofa. There is also a piano! Bed linen and towels included. A cleaning service twice a week is available and included in weekly rent.  The apartment is  located 200 meters from the Seine river, 5 min away Notre Dame and Louvre museum. It's in the heart of Paris, right behind place du Châtelet.  It is very accessible by public transportation at the Châtelet metro station : Metro lines (phone number hidden) RER A, B, D  Bus (phone number hidden) All night buses 35 min of CDG Airport with direct train (RER B), and direct metro from all train stations.  30 min of DisneyLand Paris with direct train (RER A) Walk distance from tourists boats (les bateaux du Pont Neuf) and tourists buses.  A supermarket is right in front of the	Si vous souhaitez être au cœur de Paris, c’est à dire à 5 minutes à pied  des lieux les plus prestigieux et visités  de Paris, dans une rue calme, près des commerces, vous êtes au parfait endroit ! Notre Dame de Paris, le Louvre, les Tuileries, etc.. This beautiful apartment is very spacious (60m2 - 645 sq ft), one bed room with queen size bed and a full equipped kitchen, washing machine and dryer, unlimited wi-fi access.  You will rent the full place, there will be no host., and it can receive 2 extra guests on the sofa. There is also a piano! Bed linen and towels included. A cleaning service twice a week is available and included in weekly rent.  The apartment is  located 200 meters from the Seine river, 5 min away Notre Dame and Louvre museum. It's in the heart of Paris, right behind place du Châtelet.  It is very accessible by public transportation at the Châtelet metro station : Metro lines (phone number hidden) RER A, B, D  Bus (phone number hidden) All night buses 35 min of CDG 
14881	THE FLAT It is an amazing and romantic 30m2 (300 sq ft.) apartment in the heart of Paris, between the Place de la Madeleine, Place de l'Opéra and Place Vendôme! It would be hard to find a better located more central area :) The flat is in a former palace of the early 20th century, a cosy, convenient and very bright studio with a large balcony!  You will enjoy the view of the Eiffel Tower, Place Vendome, the Grand Palais!   The flat is at the 6th floor (2 brand new elevators). It is composed of:  - Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, microwave, electric stove, coffee maker, dishes, cupboards, etc ...).  - A bathroom with bath, sink, toilet  - An ultra comfort sofa bed for 2 persons, flat screen TV, high speed internet, wifi, phone with unlimited international calls. All bed linen is provided as well as sheets, towels and hairdryer. The building is very secure with a housekeeper 24h/24 and 7days/7, which is very rare in Paris! In summary, here is a perfect sweet flat in the heart of Paris wh	Here is a perfect sweet flat in the heart of Paris where you will feel at home :) THE FLAT It is an amazing and romantic 30m2 (300 sq ft.) apartment in the heart of Paris, between the Place de la Madeleine, Place de l'Opéra and Place Vendôme! It would be hard to find a better located more central area :) The flat is in a former palace of the early 20th century, a cosy, convenient and very bright studio with a large balcony!  You will enjoy the view of the Eiffel Tower, Place Vendome, the Grand Palais!   The flat is at the 6th floor (2 brand new elevators). It is composed of:  - Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, microwave, electric stove, coffee maker, dishes, cupboards, etc ...).  - A bathroom with bath, sink, toilet  - An ultra comfort sofa bed for 2 persons, flat screen TV, high speed internet, wifi, phone with unlimited international calls. All bed linen is provided as well as sheets, towels and hairdryer. The building is very secure with a housekeeper 24h/24 and 7days/7, which is ver
14882	Appartement rare à Paris, qui combine une position très centrale (en plein centre du 1er arrondissement), un immeuble moderne, et une configuration sur jardin intérieur qui assure d'être préservé du bruit. 	Grand 2 pièces dans un immeuble moderne au coeur du 1er arrondissement de Paris, avec pièce à vivre spacieuse, cuisine entièrement équipée, salle de bain (douche), toilettes, et chambre à coucher. Grand balcon sur un jardin intérieur au calme. Appartement rare à Paris, qui combine une position très centrale (en plein centre du 1er arrondissement), un immeuble moderne, et une configuration sur jardin intérieur qui assure d'être préservé du bruit. Le quartier de Châtelet / Les Halles est le centre animé, vivant, et divers de Paris. Depuis l'appartement, accès à pieds en quelques minutes au Forum des Halles, au quartier piéton commerçant de Montorgueil, à Beaubourg, à l'île de la Cité et Notre-Dame, au Marais, au Louvre, etc. Tous les transports accessibles facilement : RER A, RER B, lignes de métro 1, 4, 7..., de nombreux bus, des stations de Velib et d'Autolib...
14883	One of indisputable advantages of this apartment is its magnificent location, just within:  - 200м from the Louvre,  - 2 min. walk from Palais Royal,  - 5 min. walk from Centre Pompidou and  the Marais district,  - 6-8 min. walk from the Left Bank (Notre Dame, the Sante Chapel and other historical monuments of the Cite island) The flat sleeps up to 3 persons.  It is bright quiet and has all basic things one may need while traveling. It comprises :  - a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area - a living room  - a bedroom  Provided :  Internet - Wifi  TV  Music  Microwave - Fridge  Washing machine  Coffee machine  Hairdryer  Towels  Bed sheets if required	The perfect flat for your stay in Paris. Fully furnished and entirely renewed flat in a typical parisien building Enjoy its superb location : next to the Louvre, within a walking distance to the Marais, Beaubourg, Saint Germain des Prés One of indisputable advantages of this apartment is its magnificent location, just within:  - 200м from the Louvre,  - 2 min. walk from Palais Royal,  - 5 min. walk from Centre Pompidou and  the Marais district,  - 6-8 min. walk from the Left Bank (Notre Dame, the Sante Chapel and other historical monuments of the Cite island) The flat sleeps up to 3 persons.  It is bright quiet and has all basic things one may need while traveling. It comprises :  - a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area - a living room  - a bedroom  Provided :  Internet - Wifi  TV  Music  Microwave - Fridge  Washing machine  Coffee machine  Hairdryer  Towels  Bed sheets if required Full appartment I will meet you at the apartment to arrange the check-in, hand-over the keys, and a
14884	My furnished room, renovated in July 2014, is available to be rent. This place is perfect for one person, for two it's fine but you have to be very much in love or very good friend! To have breakfast and to sleep, my room is the one you've got to rent! Key words to describe my place are:  SMALL!!!!! CHEAP!!!!! PERFECTLOCATION!!!! Situation:  - In the heart of Paris  - very close to all best spots and tourist attractions! (Louvre, Notre Dame de Paris, Champs Élysées, Concorde, Vendome, Hotel de Ville...) - 1 minute walk from Monoprix (huge supermarket)  - 5 minutes walk from the laundrymat - Gare de Lyon is two stops away with line 14 (about 10min) - Gare du Nord is two stops away with RER B + line 14 (about 20 min) - CDG Airport is about one hour away with the shuttle. The shuttle will leave you at Opera. Opera is 5 /10 minutes away from my place. Transportations:  - metro stations TUILERIES Line 1 and PYRAMIDES Line 7 and 14.  - many buses &  velib' station nearby The room/apt :  - sm	My furnished room, renovated in July 2014, is available to be rent. This place is for one person only My furnished room, renovated in July 2014, is available to be rent. This place is perfect for one person, for two it's fine but you have to be very much in love or very good friend! To have breakfast and to sleep, my room is the one you've got to rent! Key words to describe my place are:  SMALL!!!!! CHEAP!!!!! PERFECTLOCATION!!!! Situation:  - In the heart of Paris  - very close to all best spots and tourist attractions! (Louvre, Notre Dame de Paris, Champs Élysées, Concorde, Vendome, Hotel de Ville...) - 1 minute walk from Monoprix (huge supermarket)  - 5 minutes walk from the laundrymat - Gare de Lyon is two stops away with line 14 (about 10min) - Gare du Nord is two stops away with RER B + line 14 (about 20 min) - CDG Airport is about one hour away with the shuttle. The shuttle will leave you at Opera. Opera is 5 /10 minutes away from my place. Transportations:  - metro stations TUI
14885	Ideally located right in the centre of Paris, small studio/duplex (14m2/150sq ft), in 17th century building, fully renovated in 2011.  The studio is located in the fashionable Montorgueil area of Paris' 2nd arrondissement. The area is famous for its pedestrian streets, packed with small boutiques, cafes an restaurants. Just 5 minutes walk from the Pompidou centre and Le Marais and 10 min walk to the Louvre and Notre Dame cathedral and other sites. There are 3 metro stations within 5min walk including Chatelet-Les Halles for direct travel to CDG and Orly airports as well as Eurodisney. The apartment is fully renovated, very compact an clean. It includes a small living room, open kitchen area, and a shower room on the 1st level and upstairs is the bedroom (140cm/55in double bed) with wooden beams and a skylight.  Free (and fast) wifi internet is available, towels and bed linen provided. The apartment sleeps 2 comfortably in the double bed upstairs and has a sofa bed (120cm wide) downstai	Ideally located in the centre of Paris, small studio/duplex in 17th century building, renovated in 2011. On a charming pedestrian street in the fashionable Montorgueil area of Paris' 2nd district. V. good transport connections, Chatelet-les-Halles. Ideally located right in the centre of Paris, small studio/duplex (14m2/150sq ft), in 17th century building, fully renovated in 2011.  The studio is located in the fashionable Montorgueil area of Paris' 2nd arrondissement. The area is famous for its pedestrian streets, packed with small boutiques, cafes an restaurants. Just 5 minutes walk from the Pompidou centre and Le Marais and 10 min walk to the Louvre and Notre Dame cathedral and other sites. There are 3 metro stations within 5min walk including Chatelet-Les Halles for direct travel to CDG and Orly airports as well as Eurodisney. The apartment is fully renovated, very compact an clean. It includes a small living room, open kitchen area, and a shower room on the 1st level and upstairs is
14886	Fully equiped and renovated, perfectly located to discover Paris as most of the touristic places can be reached by foot. Very safe neighborhood. Cosy and nicely decorated you will spend a great stay ! Fully equiped kitchen, bathroom with a shower and toilets, a sofa that turns into a bed (160 cm wide and very comfortable.	Lovely studio for 2 people located at Palais Royal, in the heart of Paris. Entirely renovated, fully equiped, at 2 min from the Louvre and 8 min from the Opera. Really active and beautiful neighborhood with shops, restaurants and theaters. Fully equiped and renovated, perfectly located to discover Paris as most of the touristic places can be reached by foot. Very safe neighborhood. Cosy and nicely decorated you will spend a great stay ! Fully equiped kitchen, bathroom with a shower and toilets, a sofa that turns into a bed (160 cm wide and very comfortable. The entire place. 3 drawers will be available for you to store your things I will be here upon your arrival and on your departure. Available to give you tips on places to visit, restaurants, bars, etc... Very central, you can visit Paris by walking from the apartement !  Galeries Lafayette, the Louvre, the Opera : 2 minutes walk Concorde & The Champs Elysées : 10 min walk Saint Germain des prés : 15 min walk Lots of things to discov
14887	This is a 2 bedroom flat with a lot of space. There is a seperate living room, dining room and kitchen space. Each room has been very tastefully decorated in a different style. Mixing modern, hip design with clean simple sixties motifs and even a twist of traditional French period style. It is a pleasure to spend time in this appartment with windows in each of the rooms giving the space a lot of light.	Very stylish and spacious 2 bedroom flat in the center of Paris. Next to the river Seine, with alot of stores, cafes and cultural things nearby to see. This is a 2 bedroom flat with a lot of space. There is a seperate living room, dining room and kitchen space. Each room has been very tastefully decorated in a different style. Mixing modern, hip design with clean simple sixties motifs and even a twist of traditional French period style. It is a pleasure to spend time in this appartment with windows in each of the rooms giving the space a lot of light. The flat is on the 4th floor with no lift but is well worth the climb.  It is located in a grand building off the boulevard next to the Seine, with two entrances. We are available to help the guests with any questions and problems they have throughout their stay. The neighbourhood is visually stunning. With a major monument just outside the front door, the Seine is immediately on your left. The area is bustling with cafes, restaurants, fa
14888	Je loue un grand studio de 55 m2 avec une mezzanine au centre de Paris dans une rue piétonne du quartier historique de Châtelet les Halles. L'appartement est situé au 1er étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble ancien de Paris et bénéficie d'une belle luminosité et d'un grand calme.  Il s'agit d'un grand studio, entièrement refait à neuf, composé d'une petite entrée, d'une grande cuisine entièrement équipée, d'un grand salon et d'une mezzanine. Le grand salon a 2 un canapés lits convertibles (1m40 x 2m), une télévision écran plat de 107 cm de diamètre, une table de salle à manger et 6 chaises. Une mezzanine avec un vrai lit double (1m60 X 2m) et un grand placard, le tout donnant sur le salon. Une cuisine entièrement équipée d'un frigidaire, congélateur, de 4 plaques chauffantes, d'un micro-onde, d'un lave-linge, d'un grille pain, d'une bouilloire électrique et d'un cafetière. Une salle de bain avec une douche et wc. L'appartement est à 200 m de la station de métro Châtelet avec ses 5 lign	Je vous propose un joli studio avec une mezzanine, dans le quartier piéton des Halles, à 100 m du métro Châtelet, aux portes du Marais, et à proximité de nombreux restaurants, bistros et cafés parisiens. Une adresse exceptionnelle pour visiter Paris. Je loue un grand studio de 55 m2 avec une mezzanine au centre de Paris dans une rue piétonne du quartier historique de Châtelet les Halles. L'appartement est situé au 1er étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble ancien de Paris et bénéficie d'une belle luminosité et d'un grand calme.  Il s'agit d'un grand studio, entièrement refait à neuf, composé d'une petite entrée, d'une grande cuisine entièrement équipée, d'un grand salon et d'une mezzanine. Le grand salon a 2 un canapés lits convertibles (1m40 x 2m), une télévision écran plat de 107 cm de diamètre, une table de salle à manger et 6 chaises. Une mezzanine avec un vrai lit double (1m60 X 2m) et un grand placard, le tout donnant sur le salon. Une cuisine entièrement équipée d'un frigidaire, c
14889	The apartment contains of one living and dining room with a convertible sofa/bed (yellow), two bedrooms with queen size beds ( linen are provided ), a fully equipped kitchen, a modern bathroom with sink, shower, toilet, blow dryer ( towels are provided ). The apartment has high ceilings, fine original beams, and tall windows overlooking the bouquinistes booths on the banks of the Seine, the Ile de la Cité and NotreDame. Tripple glazing protects from 99% of all street noise. There is a cable-TV in the living room with some international channels as well as wireless high speed internet access throughout the apt. The kitchen has everything you’ll need like  dishwasher, laundry, fridge, 2flame stove, microwave, coffee maker.... This is the perfect apartment for one or two  couples or a family traveling to Paris on a budget and looking for their own space in, perhaps, the most quaint arrondissement of Paris. With the Seine river in front and the Mariage Frères tea house around the corner, t	This is a beautiful and cozy apartment in an absolute prime location right opposite of the little island hosting the world famous Notre-Dame cathedral  It is perfect for a family or a group of friends as it comfortably sleeps up to 5 guests The apartment contains of one living and dining room with a convertible sofa/bed (yellow), two bedrooms with queen size beds ( linen are provided ), a fully equipped kitchen, a modern bathroom with sink, shower, toilet, blow dryer ( towels are provided ). The apartment has high ceilings, fine original beams, and tall windows overlooking the bouquinistes booths on the banks of the Seine, the Ile de la Cité and NotreDame. Tripple glazing protects from 99% of all street noise. There is a cable-TV in the living room with some international channels as well as wireless high speed internet access throughout the apt. The kitchen has everything you’ll need like  dishwasher, laundry, fridge, 2flame stove, microwave, coffee maker.... This is the perfect apart
14890	Espace salle a manger avec cuisine équipée : réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine a laver le linge, machine a laver la vaisselle, plaque de cuisson, four, four microonde, machine à café Nespresso. Le salon offre une bibliothèque, une Tv avec chaînes câblées, DVD, wifi. salle de bain avec baignoire. Le coin chambre possède un vrai lit. Situé au 5 eme étage sur cour, l'appartement est calme et lumineux. Accès à l'étage par un ascenseur.	L'appartement est situé au centre de Paris. A 2mn à pied du musée du Louvre, des jardins du Palais-Royal, de la Seine. L'appartement de 40 mètres carrées possède tout confort, cuisine équipée, Tv câble, wifi, baignoire, un vrai lit. Espace salle a manger avec cuisine équipée : réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine a laver le linge, machine a laver la vaisselle, plaque de cuisson, four, four microonde, machine à café Nespresso. Le salon offre une bibliothèque, une Tv avec chaînes câblées, DVD, wifi. salle de bain avec baignoire. Le coin chambre possède un vrai lit. Situé au 5 eme étage sur cour, l'appartement est calme et lumineux. Accès à l'étage par un ascenseur. Je  vous laisserai mon téléphone L'appartement est central, a 5mn à pied du musée du Louvre, des jardins du Palais Royal, et des bords de Seine, à 15 mn de l'Opera est des grands magasins, du musée d'Orsay, du centre G.Pompidou. La rue J.J Rousseau est calme et commerçante : boulangerie, supermarché, restaurants, cafés, antiqua
14891	Apartment of 55 meter square large on the first floor in the hearth of PARIS-CHATELET-LE LOUVRE Adress  is   rue du Jour, 75001 PARIS : just close OPERA, PALAIS ROYAL, CHATELET Les HALLES, Jardins des TUILERIES-LE LOUVRE The 1st arrondissement is know for being tidy and known for business, shopping, restaurants and Parisian stylelife, grocers, delicatessens and pavement cafés. You will find grocery store of good value and cheaper in neighboohood with the big shop like AGNESB, DIESEL... On the first floor with a view on SAINT EUSTACHE church, very sunlights, very quiet on court yard , apartment of 55 meter square large very sunlight large living room with  kitchen ; Large windows in the living. With TV on internet with international channels, internet wifi, washing machin, fans, iron, table iron, vacuum cleaner, linen, towels, coffee machine, kettle, microwave, electric stove, refrigerator Number of sleeping : 7 with  one bedroom with a bed 140*200, and a salon with 2 sofa beds moved in	Family Apartment of 55 meter square large on the first floor in the hearth of PARIS with ADSL in a safe building with safe code. Situation : rue du Jour, 75001 PARIS : just close OPERA, PALAIS ROYAL, CHATELET Les HALLES, Jardins des TUILERIES LOUVRE Apartment of 55 meter square large on the first floor in the hearth of PARIS-CHATELET-LE LOUVRE Adress  is   rue du Jour, 75001 PARIS : just close OPERA, PALAIS ROYAL, CHATELET Les HALLES, Jardins des TUILERIES-LE LOUVRE The 1st arrondissement is know for being tidy and known for business, shopping, restaurants and Parisian stylelife, grocers, delicatessens and pavement cafés. You will find grocery store of good value and cheaper in neighboohood with the big shop like AGNESB, DIESEL... On the first floor with a view on SAINT EUSTACHE church, very sunlights, very quiet on court yard , apartment of 55 meter square large very sunlight large living room with  kitchen ; Large windows in the living. With TV on internet with international channels
14892	The apartment was just entirely redone and also redecorated. Equipped with only premium equipment and filled with tasteful art and furniture. Its owner lives between Marrakech and Paris, and used to be President of Vogue France.	Located in the most elegant and central area of Paris, the 1er Arrondissement, this spacious and recently remodeled 1 bedroom is a perfect choice for travelers with high end tastes and wishing to be central to the best area of Paris. The apartment was just entirely redone and also redecorated. Equipped with only premium equipment and filled with tasteful art and furniture. Its owner lives between Marrakech and Paris, and used to be President of Vogue France. You will have access to the entire apartment. Some personal belongings will be tucked away for your stay, so please be respectful and do not go through them, we'll appreciate it greatly! We will offer as much communication and support before and during your stay. The area is by far the most fancy and hip of Paris. The few blocks around the apartment are ground central for of all the Fashion Weeks. The Louvre is 5 mns away. So are the Jardins du Palais Royal and Concorde Square. Colette, the most hip store in the world is literally 
14893	The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a quint building, and can sleep 2 people comfortably. There is also the potential for a 3rd person thanks to a queen-sized sofa-bed in the living room. It features a fully equipped kitchen, a master bedroom (with queen bed) and bathroom (with a shower). The building is centrally located in the 1st arrondissement, and has an entrance code to ensure its residents' safety. Linens, Cable TV, telephone, and WIFI are available and included in the rent.	On rue Bailleuil, a charming pedestrian street just a block away from the Louvre museum, this cozy, clean one bedroom makes a central home base for exploring Paris.  The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a quint building, and can sleep 2 people comfortably. There is also the potential for a 3rd person thanks to a queen-sized sofa-bed in the living room. It features a fully equipped kitchen, a master bedroom (with queen bed) and bathroom (with a shower). The building is centrally located in the 1st arrondissement, and has an entrance code to ensure its residents' safety. Linens, Cable TV, telephone, and WIFI are available and included in the rent. The unit is private, so all amenities (kitchen, tv, wifi, etc.) are at your disposition. We'll be there to meet you with the keys, and remain available for support throughout your stay in case of a maintenance issue.  The apartment is centrally located, yet quiet and secure.  It's in the first arrondissement, only 100m away from the Louvre muse
14894	"Studio in the heart of Paris, rue de Rivoli, opposite the Louvre! 17m ² studio on quiet courtyard, 1st floor without elevator. Completely renovated in June 2012. The studio has one room with kitchen, table, wardrobe, double sofa bed. Possibility to add an extra bed for one person (better suited to a child as an adult). Ideal for a turistic, business or romantic trip! Opera Garnier, the Louvre Museum, the Tuileries Gardens, the Royal Palace, French comedy, Champs-Elysées, ... All Paris is yours! 2 minutes from the metro station ""Palais Royal / Musée du  Louvre"" (metro lines 1 or 7), 5 minutes from ""Pyramides"" (metro line 14). The apartment is very quiet (courtyard) and restaurants, shops, public transport are very close! Towels and bed linen are furnished. Hair dryer. Coffee, tea, salt, pepper... also. Everything you need to cook is available: you do not have to go to the restaurant every meal! See you soon!"	"Studio in the heart of Paris, rue de Rivoli, opposite the Louvre! 17m ² studio on quiet courtyard, 1st floor without elevator. Completely renovated in June 2012. The studio has one room with kitchen, table, wardrobe, double sofa bed. Possibility to add an extra bed for one person (better suited to a child as an adult). Ideal for a turistic, business or romantic trip! Opera Garnier, the Louvre Museum, the Tuileries Gardens, the Royal Palace, French comedy, Champs-Elysées, ... All Paris is yours! 2 minutes from the metro station ""Palais Royal / Musée du  Louvre"" (metro lines 1 or 7), 5 minutes from ""Pyramides"" (metro line 14). The apartment is very quiet (courtyard) and restaurants, shops, public transport are very close! Towels and bed linen are furnished. Hair dryer. Coffee, tea, salt, pepper... also. Everything you need to cook is available: you do not have to go to the restaurant every meal! See you soon!"
14895	This apartment is equipped with : decorative fireplace, washer, dishwasher, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi , phone, stereo, cable, TV. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code.  The 27 square meters living room has 3 window facing street, the celling height to 3 meters. It is equipped with : double sofa bed, cable, TV, stereo, built-in shelves, decorative fireplace, hard wood floor. The 6 square meters open kitchen has a window facing street. It is equipped with all kitchen utensils and oven, ceramic hob, extractor hood, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washer, coffee maker, kettle, built-in wall closet, hard wooden floor. The 14 square meters bedroom has a window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : bedside table, built-in shelves, built-in wall closet, tiled floor, double bed (1.40m). The 3 square meters bathroom has a window facing courtyard and is contiguous to the bedro	This beautiful and very well situated 50 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment is located on rue Saint Honore in the 1st arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 4 people.  This apartment is equipped with : decorative fireplace, washer, dishwasher, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi , phone, stereo, cable, TV. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code.  The 27 square meters living room has 3 window facing street, the celling height to 3 meters. It is equipped with : double sofa bed, cable, TV, stereo, built-in shelves, decorative fireplace, hard wood floor. The 6 square meters open kitchen has a window facing street. It is equipped with all kitchen utensils and oven, ceramic hob, extractor hood, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washer, coffee maker, kettle, built-in wall closet, hard wooden floor. The 14 square meters bedroom has a window f
14896	LARGE APARTMENT PRIVATE & INDEPENDENT   BIG LOUNGE AND 1 BEDROOM            LOUVRE/ PALAIS ROYAL AREA This beautiful apartment in a lively area bang in the heart of Paris and within walking distance to the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Tuileries Gardens and the shopping center Les Halles, St. Germain, & the marais . Trendy decor with wooden floors and furnished in modern style, this apartment is very well equipped with all the necessary comforts for a vacation rental in Paris (Luxury bed & linen, washing machine, flat screen TV, WIFI, fully equipped kitchen). Perfectly located to visit the main attractions of the capital, you will also find a wide selection of shops, restaurants and bars to enjoy the Parisian life. This furnished apartment in Paris can accommodate a couple or two people and is on the 1st floor overlooking the street without elevator.  The flat is in a beautiful street next to the amazing Vero Dodat gallery, on first floor of a typical building. It has been totally reno	Stylish 1 bedroom renovated Luxury apartment in a 16th century Inn, on a village like street right in the very centre of Paris. 2 steps from the Louvre Mona Lisa, Buses, Metro, RER Train from Airport & Many shops, Restaurants & Museums.  LARGE APARTMENT PRIVATE & INDEPENDENT   BIG LOUNGE AND 1 BEDROOM            LOUVRE/ PALAIS ROYAL AREA This beautiful apartment in a lively area bang in the heart of Paris and within walking distance to the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Tuileries Gardens and the shopping center Les Halles, St. Germain, & the marais . Trendy decor with wooden floors and furnished in modern style, this apartment is very well equipped with all the necessary comforts for a vacation rental in Paris (Luxury bed & linen, washing machine, flat screen TV, WIFI, fully equipped kitchen). Perfectly located to visit the main attractions of the capital, you will also find a wide selection of shops, restaurants and bars to enjoy the Parisian life. This furnished apartment in Paris can
14897	Votre appartement se situe à moins de 3 minutes de la place Vendôme, de la boutique Colette et du Jardin des Tuileries, et à 5 minutes du Louvre et de l'Opéra Garnier. Très central, vous pourrez vous rendre dans tous les quartiers de Paris à l'aide des nombreux transports aux alentours (Métro 1, 7, 14, RER A, et de nombreuses lignes de bus) Situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseurs) , vous aurez une vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris. Sur place, vous disposerez un canapé-lit 2 places, une télévision multimédia et d'un accès internet en wifi. Pied-à-terre idéal pour découvrir à pied le plus grand musée du monde, ainsi que les plus grands monuments parisiens.	Votre studio parisien…est situé au cœur de la capitale,à quelques pas de l'Opéra Garnier,de la place Vendôme,du jardin des Tuileries et du Louvre. Parfait pour des séjours culturels,professionnels ou touristiques. Vous vous sentirez comme chez vous! Votre appartement se situe à moins de 3 minutes de la place Vendôme, de la boutique Colette et du Jardin des Tuileries, et à 5 minutes du Louvre et de l'Opéra Garnier. Très central, vous pourrez vous rendre dans tous les quartiers de Paris à l'aide des nombreux transports aux alentours (Métro 1, 7, 14, RER A, et de nombreuses lignes de bus) Situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseurs) , vous aurez une vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris. Sur place, vous disposerez un canapé-lit 2 places, une télévision multimédia et d'un accès internet en wifi. Pied-à-terre idéal pour découvrir à pied le plus grand musée du monde, ainsi que les plus grands monuments parisiens. Je serai disponible à n'importe quel moment de la journée si vous avez besoin d'aide o
14898	L'appartement est situé au cœur de Paris, à 100 m du métro Les Halles, Louvre-Rivoli, et du RER Châtelet Les Halles. Un des plus anciens quartiers de Paris qui date du début Moyen Âge	    Mon studio d'étudiant de 28 m2, réaménagé par des architectes décoratrices très en vogue à Paris. Poutres et parquet magnifiques, grande douche. Tout le confort. Emplacement idéal à 5 mn du Louvre et 2 mn du plus grand centre de shopping de Paris centre. (4 ème étage, escalier). L'appartement est situé au cœur de Paris, à 100 m du métro Les Halles, Louvre-Rivoli, et du RER Châtelet Les Halles. Un des plus anciens quartiers de Paris qui date du début Moyen Âge (website hidden)_des_Halles 
14899	Situation unique pour découvrir la capitale à pieds. Proche de tous les grands monuments et musées ainsi que des meilleurs restaurant de Paris. Appartement calme dans un quartier très vivant. Refait à neuf, haut de gamme, literie de qualité, système son SONOS. 	Duplex de charme, haut de gamme refait à neuf, avec poutres apparentes, peut accueillir deux personnes, avec vue sur le théâtre du Palais Royal, avec accès direct aux jardins. Situé à 300 mètres du Musée du Louvre, de la Place Vendome ou de l'Opéra. Situation unique pour découvrir la capitale à pieds. Proche de tous les grands monuments et musées ainsi que des meilleurs restaurant de Paris. Appartement calme dans un quartier très vivant. Refait à neuf, haut de gamme, literie de qualité, système son SONOS.  Disponible pour partager les meilleurs plans de restaurants, sorties, théâtres de Paris...
14900	This compact studio apartment is newly renovated and perfect for a vacationing couple or single traveller on a work trip. Ideally located just 2-3 minutes on foot to Tuileries and Concorde metro stops with easy access to all of Paris. Walk to the Louvre, Musée d'Orsay and the Avenue des Champs Elysées within 15 minutes - all the magic of Paris is at your doorstep! A extra single mattress (90cmx180cm) accommodates a child or third guest if needed - please note that having a third person will be rather crowded. This studio apartment has partial elevator service - you will need to walk up one (1) flight of stairs. **Please note that as of 23 April 2015, the elevator is out of service and undergoing repairs for two weeks.	Escape to your luxurious and romantic Paris dream! This peaceful, newly renovated studio apartment is directly across from the Louvre Museum and Tuileries garden; 5 min stroll to Pl. Vendome, Concorde, d'Orsay, Champs-Elysées, Faubourg-St-Honoré..! This compact studio apartment is newly renovated and perfect for a vacationing couple or single traveller on a work trip. Ideally located just 2-3 minutes on foot to Tuileries and Concorde metro stops with easy access to all of Paris. Walk to the Louvre, Musée d'Orsay and the Avenue des Champs Elysées within 15 minutes - all the magic of Paris is at your doorstep! A extra single mattress (90cmx180cm) accommodates a child or third guest if needed - please note that having a third person will be rather crowded. This studio apartment has partial elevator service - you will need to walk up one (1) flight of stairs. **Please note that as of 23 April 2015, the elevator is out of service and undergoing repairs for two weeks. You will be staying rig
14901		Located on the 4th floor (No Lift), this small but cosy studio could accommodate one adults. Located next to Madeleine, Concorde, Opera, with 4 metro lines one block from the building. The Studio is equiped with a kitchen shower and wc inside.
14902	This is a very charming flat with a nice bohemian feel to it. Its situation is perfect to visit Paris from, right in the center of the city, on the famous rue Saint Honoré, (not directly on the street but on a courtyard). It is a very prestigious and safe area, just a few 100 meters from the most high end hotels in Paris ( the Ritz, hotel Costes, the Meurice, Mandarin Oriental, etc... ) It is a 5 minutes walk to the Louvre and Orsay museums, the Opera, the famous place Vendome, Palais Royal, Tuileries gardens, etc... There is a little square (place du marche St honoré) just around the corner where there are many good restaurants and café terraces. Twice a week on wednesdays and saturdays there is a traditional market there with fruits, vegetables, cheeses, antiques, clothes, etc... It is a quiet large flat (about 50 m2) with high ceilings, arranged as a mini loft, all in one room (except kitchen and bathroom), with an alcove for the bedroom. It is on the 3rd floor (european 3rd floor) 	This is a very charming flat with a nice bohemian feel to it. Its situation is perfect to visit Paris from, right in the center of the city, on the famous rue Saint Honoré, (not directly on the street but on a courtyard). It is a very prestigious and safe area, just a few 100 meters from the most high end hotels in Paris ( the Ritz, hotel Costes, the Meurice, Mandarin Oriental, etc... ) It is a 5 minutes walk to the Louvre and Orsay museums, the Opera, the famous place Vendome, Palais Royal, Tuileries gardens, etc... There is a little square (place du marche St honoré) just around the corner where there are many good restaurants and café terraces. Twice a week on wednesdays and saturdays there is a traditional market there with fruits, vegetables, cheeses, antiques, clothes, etc... It is a quiet large flat (about 50 m2) with high ceilings, arranged as a mini loft, all in one room (except kitchen and bathroom), with an alcove for the bedroom. It is on the 3rd floor (european 3rd floor) 
14903	"Welcome to my apartment in the center of Paris. The apartment (30m2) is very well decorated and was recently fully renovated. It is located in the luxious and fashion district of ""saint Honoré"" with trendy shops and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - Le Louvre: 5 minutes walking distance.  - Champs Elysées: 10 minutes walking distance.  - Notre-Dame: 20 minutes walking distance (or 5 stations away)  - Le Marais/Centre Pompidou It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay.   The apartment is on the fourth floor. Is has a living room with a sofa bed (linens are provided) and a fully equiped separated kitchen.  In the living room there is an easily convertible couch ( 160*190 ), an LCD TV ( 19 "" ) , Internet access,  dressing, ironing board, iron, heater. Kitchen : fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar). Bathroom: shower, w"	"Welcome to my design apartment in the fashion district of Paris right next to Le Louvre! Welcome to my apartment in the center of Paris. The apartment (30m2) is very well decorated and was recently fully renovated. It is located in the luxious and fashion district of ""saint Honoré"" with trendy shops and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - Le Louvre: 5 minutes walking distance.  - Champs Elysées: 10 minutes walking distance.  - Notre-Dame: 20 minutes walking distance (or 5 stations away)  - Le Marais/Centre Pompidou It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay.   The apartment is on the fourth floor. Is has a living room with a sofa bed (linens are provided) and a fully equiped separated kitchen.  In the living room there is an easily convertible couch ( 160*190 ), an LCD TV ( 19 "" ) , Internet access,  dressing, ironing board, iron, heater. Kitchen : fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, tea, "
14904	In the heart of Paris between Opera and Royal Palace, in a building of the 18th century renewed and secured. This big studio of 29m², very quiet, in the frist floor on yard with elevator it has just been completely redone,decirated tastefully. It consists of bedroom part with bed Queen size, big closet, of a living room part with equipped American kitchen, table and chairs for 4 persons, of a bathroom/toilet with shower and of a little room with the washing machine and iron. The apartment do have an internet ADSL connexion ans WIFI as well as a hi-fi system and TV. And, what is only adding to its charm, it is unmustakbly the small terace of 4m² with  its table and garden chairs where we can, at any moment of the year, have breakfast, read and take advantage of the sun.  With stations Velib' in front of the door. In a historic and alive district, just a stone from the Garden if the Royal Plalace, jardin des Tuileries and the museum of the Louvre, the Avenue of the Opera and the place de	In the heart of Paris between Opera and Royal Palace, in a building of the 18th century renewed and secured. This big studio of 29m², very quiet, in the frist floor on yard with elevator it has just been completely redone,decirated tastefully. It consists of bedroom part with bed Queen size, big closet, of a living room part with equipped American kitchen, table and chairs for 4 persons, of a bathroom/toilet with shower and of a little room with the washing machine and iron. The apartment do have an internet ADSL connexion ans WIFI as well as a hi-fi system and TV. And, what is only adding to its charm, it is unmustakbly the small terace of 4m² with  its table and garden chairs where we can, at any moment of the year, have breakfast, read and take advantage of the sun.  With stations Velib' in front of the door. In a historic and alive district, just a stone from the Garden if the Royal Plalace, jardin des Tuileries and the museum of the Louvre, the Avenue of the Opera and the place de
14905	"Rent of a beautiful flat in the center of Paris. The apartment is in an old French building in the first arrondissement next to the Palais Royal and the Place des Victoires. Recently reformed, the place was a workshop pictures.  The apartment overlooks a beautiful courtyard, it is organised on two levels and the ground floor gives a small side ""cottage"" in the city. You will be in the heart of Paris but in a really quiet atmosphere ! The apartment is located just few minutes from the Louvre and the Tuileries. You can also visit on foot from the apartment, the neighbourhood Montorgeuil, Etienne Marcel, the Pompidou Centre and Saint Germain des Pres by taking the Pont des Arts (sublime walk!).  So many nice restaurants and bars around. This vacation rental of 120 m2 is comprised of : - one hudge bedroom with a king size bed, - two bathrooms (one with a bath and the other one with a shower),  - toilets (x2), - a big living room with a large sofa, - a kitchen (well equipped with Dish washe"	"       Charming loft in an old printing - very close from the Palais Royal and the Musée du Louvre in a quiet little street. Heart of Paris - delicious restaurants and trendy bars around. Rent of a beautiful flat in the center of Paris. The apartment is in an old French building in the first arrondissement next to the Palais Royal and the Place des Victoires. Recently reformed, the place was a workshop pictures.  The apartment overlooks a beautiful courtyard, it is organised on two levels and the ground floor gives a small side ""cottage"" in the city. You will be in the heart of Paris but in a really quiet atmosphere ! The apartment is located just few minutes from the Louvre and the Tuileries. You can also visit on foot from the apartment, the neighbourhood Montorgeuil, Etienne Marcel, the Pompidou Centre and Saint Germain des Pres by taking the Pont des Arts (sublime walk!).  So many nice restaurants and bars around. This vacation rental of 120 m2 is comprised of : - one hudge bedroom"
14906	Located in a 17th century building, this flat has survived the french revolution and many more events.	Located in a old Parisian building, this well decorated, fully furnished flat can host up to 4 people with a king size bed and a convertible sofa. 200m from le Louvre museum, close to bus, metro and RER. You'll be in the heart of historical Paris. Located in a 17th century building, this flat has survived the french revolution and many more events. Walking distance from the main Parisian attractions : le Louvre, les tuileries, Notre Dame, Parc du palais royal, place Vendôme, musée d'Orsay, Pont des arts... I won't be staying with you, but I will arrange guides and details about the city. I will be here for your checking and will make sure to point you my favorite places around. You'll have my contact number, I speak fluently english and I'm willing to help you make the most of my hometown. Calme, beau, central. RER B -> Châtelet-Les Halles Métro ligne 1 ou 7 : Palais royal musée du Louvre Bus : Lignes (phone number hidden) Station Velib à 50m
14907	Au cœur de Paris (Louvres, Tuileries)	27m2 habitables au sol, salle de bain avec baignoire, wc séparés, 1 grand lit en mezzanine (haut de plafond) canapé lit dans le salon Au cœur de Paris (Louvres, Tuileries) Quartier très bien desservi par les transports (métro, bus) proche de la gare Montparnasse (3,5 kms) Accueil des locataires (location à la semaine, quinzaine, mois) Quartier au cœur de Paris (Louvres, Tuileries) L'appartement se situe au 2ème étage d'un immeuble sécurisé (digicode)
14908	Il est unique par sa localisation en face des Tuileries et à 2 pas de la place de la Concorde. On peut profiter de la rue Saint- Honoré , chez Colette, place du marché Saint-Honoré à pied. Mais aussi du Louvre , de l'Opéra, des Tuileries et bien sur des Champs Elysées ! Tout en étant refait a neuf et trés agréable à vivre. Idéal pour un couple en vacances à Paris ! Point unique : un lit comme â l'hôtel acheté récemment, confort assuré!  	2 pièces refait à neuf 35m2. A 2 pas du métro Concorde dans une rue calme. Profitez de sa position en plein Paris tout en conservant le calme de la rue. Proximité de nombreux musées et boutiques Compromis idéal pour un bon séjour à Paris! Il est unique par sa localisation en face des Tuileries et à 2 pas de la place de la Concorde. On peut profiter de la rue Saint- Honoré , chez Colette, place du marché Saint-Honoré à pied. Mais aussi du Louvre , de l'Opéra, des Tuileries et bien sur des Champs Elysées ! Tout en étant refait a neuf et trés agréable à vivre. Idéal pour un couple en vacances à Paris ! Point unique : un lit comme â l'hôtel acheté récemment, confort assuré!   L'appartement est composé de 2 pièces . Un salon équipé d'une télé , une spacieuse chambre avec télé aussi. Une cuisine et une jolie salle de bain avec douche. Il est trés clair et sans vis a vis car aucun immeuble en face. Besoin d'un conseil ?  N'hésitez pas ! Un quartier où tout est possible!  Balader vous aux Jard
14909	The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian walk-up old building with view on a quiet courtyard. It is a private 25m2 studio composed of a room, kitchen area and a bathroom.	Studio in the heart of Paris with bathroom and kitchen area + high speed WiFi/phone/TV. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian walk-up old building with view on a quiet courtyard. It is a private 25m2 studio composed of a room, kitchen area and a bathroom. The room can sleep four people (one double size bed and one double size fold out sofa bed).  The kitchen area is equipped with :  # a fridge # sink # dishwasher # washmachine and dryer # electric plates  # cooker hood  # microwave  # oven  # kettle  # coffee maker # toaster # stoves and pots # plates, glasses, cups, forks, knives and spoons The bathroom has : # a shower  # toilet # sink/mirror # hair dryer I am renting my studio while away from Paris so my housekeeper will then prepare the place and take care about : 1/ Cleaning of the studio  2/ Laundry of sheets and towels  3/ Keys handling 4/ Assistance during the stay 5/ Basic items like toilet paper, soap, shampoo, dish soap and garbage bags The neighborhood is 
14910	Charmant petit appartement situé en hyper centre de Paris, dans un immeuble calme et agréable, à deux pas de la place de la Madeleine et de la Concorde, au coeur des boutiques de luxe de la rue Saint Honoré, quartier commerçant, nombreux musées à proximité, et à 5 minutes à pieds des Champs Elysées. Très bel appartement situé au 1er étage, avec petit balcon donnant sur cours, chambre séparé de la pièce principal, tout équipé, avec salle de bain, WC séparés, TV, internet, machine à laver la vaisselle, lave-linge, machine à café Nespresso.  Dans le quartier, vous pourrez tout faire à pieds, votre marché sur la place du marché Saint Honoré, shopping de luxe (Kenzo, Colette, Ba&sh....), nombreux restaurants de quartier, certains ouverts toute la nuit. Proche des stations de métro Madeleine et Concorde. Nous serons ravis de vous accueillir et de vous aider à rendre votre séjour agréable. Metro Concorde, Madeleine.	D’une superficie de 35m2, l’appartement est situé au 1er étage dans un immeuble de la célèbre rue Saint Honoré, dans une cour très calme. L’immeuble est sécurisé : il y a un digicode et un interphone. L’appartement est très agréable à vivre.  Charmant petit appartement situé en hyper centre de Paris, dans un immeuble calme et agréable, à deux pas de la place de la Madeleine et de la Concorde, au coeur des boutiques de luxe de la rue Saint Honoré, quartier commerçant, nombreux musées à proximité, et à 5 minutes à pieds des Champs Elysées. Très bel appartement situé au 1er étage, avec petit balcon donnant sur cours, chambre séparé de la pièce principal, tout équipé, avec salle de bain, WC séparés, TV, internet, machine à laver la vaisselle, lave-linge, machine à café Nespresso.  Dans le quartier, vous pourrez tout faire à pieds, votre marché sur la place du marché Saint Honoré, shopping de luxe (Kenzo, Colette, Ba&sh....), nombreux restaurants de quartier, certains ouverts toute la nuit.
14911	You want to... - stay relax without worrying about anything - Be close to restaurants or shops -> come to my place !	This flat is 30 square meter. Just for 2 or 3 people. (Im staying at the flat next) The adress : 10 rue croix des petits champs 75001 PARIS
14912	Historical building but very contemporary interior 	Modern interior in 17th century building.   Spacious, 80 sqm 1 bedroom in the heart of Paris. 2 min walk from Le Louvre and the Tuileries Gardens.  Totally renovated. High end finishes, Gaggenau kitchen, large closet, wifi, air conditioning for hot summer night, fully equipped. Central but very quiet.  Historical building but very contemporary interior  Central.  Louvres Tuileries shopping. 3 metro lines in close walking distance     Easy transfer to Gare du Nord and CDG airport  Minimum 5 nights 
14913		6th floor, lift, secure access, 32M2, For one couple.  Kitchen/ living and bedroom.  Bath /shower, internet, Rue Francaise Paris 75001 only one full week stay will be considered
14914		Joli 2 pièces de 30 m2, dans un bel immeuble parisien, très calme et plein de charme. Il est idéalement situé: juste à coté des jardins du Palais Royal, du Louvre, et de la place de l'Opéra. Quartier chic plein centre:  Jardins du Palais Royal, rue Saint Anne, Montorgueil. Metro Ligne 7 et 14 : Pyramides  Metro Ligne 3 : Quatre septembre, ou Opera Metro Ligne 1: Palais Royal-Musée du Louvre. Bus pour l'aéroport de Roissy à Opéra (navette air France), ou au Palais Royal (navette Easy Jet). Nombreux bus à proximité sur l'avenue de l'opéra.  Rer A, B, D à Chatelet les Halles ( 10 minutes à pied).
14915	CENTRAL AND SPACIOUS apartment in the heart of Paris. AMENITIES: -Apartment for 5 people in the absolute heart of Paris -4th Floor with an elevator in a traditional Parisian apartment building -Parquet floors and windows overlooking a tranquil interior courtyard -Hugely spacious – far better than a hotel room! -Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV -Metro: Tuileries and Pyramides (Lines 1, 7, 14) Located in a secure residential building with coded entry and your own individual key, the apartment offers you a truly private and safe Parisian experience. This apartment is located on the 4th floor with and elevator. Upon entering you are faced with the dining room, with a large dining table that can accommodate 6 people. Throughout the apartment there are large windows that open fully allowing cool air to circulate in the summer months and light to enter during the winter. Just off the dining room is the kitchen. Fully equipped with all you could need during your stay. There is a 2-plate induc	1st Arrondissement Louvre Apartment  2 Bedrooms, 1 Living Room, 1 Kitchen, 1 Bathroom, Sleeps 5 CENTRAL AND SPACIOUS apartment in the heart of Paris. AMENITIES: -Apartment for 5 people in the absolute heart of Paris -4th Floor with an elevator in a traditional Parisian apartment building -Parquet floors and windows overlooking a tranquil interior courtyard -Hugely spacious – far better than a hotel room! -Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV -Metro: Tuileries and Pyramides (Lines 1, 7, 14) Located in a secure residential building with coded entry and your own individual key, the apartment offers you a truly private and safe Parisian experience. This apartment is located on the 4th floor with and elevator. Upon entering you are faced with the dining room, with a large dining table that can accommodate 6 people. Throughout the apartment there are large windows that open fully allowing cool air to circulate in the summer months and light to enter during the winter. Just off the dining room i
14916	DESCRIPTION: Gorgeous fully furnished Air Conditioned 60 m2, 1 bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris (1er arrondissement metro station : “Tuileries”) Located right next to the famous “Colette” store. 1 min walk to Le Louvre Museum 3rd floor with elevator. Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, combo washing machine-dryer, etc... A large living room with TV  and DVD (sofa can be used as a very comfortable double bed) A cosy bedroom with a queen size bed (160cm) A beautiful bathroom with bath tub (separate toilets) Wooden floor Air conditioned Free internet access (cable or WIFI) LOCATION: Right next to the Marché Saint Honoré, where you will find lively restaurants, and shopping, including a trio of Marc Jacobs stores and the new staple, American Apparel. The square has an outdoor market twice weekly, allowing you a taste of the freshest fruits, vegetables and cheese, a great start to a picnic which you can enjoy on the edge of the Seine or the gardens of the Louvre, only 	Gorgeous fully furnished Air Conditioned 60 m2, 1 bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris.  DESCRIPTION: Gorgeous fully furnished Air Conditioned 60 m2, 1 bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris (1er arrondissement metro station : “Tuileries”) Located right next to the famous “Colette” store. 1 min walk to Le Louvre Museum 3rd floor with elevator. Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, combo washing machine-dryer, etc... A large living room with TV  and DVD (sofa can be used as a very comfortable double bed) A cosy bedroom with a queen size bed (160cm) A beautiful bathroom with bath tub (separate toilets) Wooden floor Air conditioned Free internet access (cable or WIFI) LOCATION: Right next to the Marché Saint Honoré, where you will find lively restaurants, and shopping, including a trio of Marc Jacobs stores and the new staple, American Apparel. The square has an outdoor market twice weekly, allowing you a taste of the freshest fruits, vegetables and cheese, a great start 
14917	Reached by elevator on the fourth and top floor of an ancient building, this charming and sunny apartment has a moment of wonder everywhere you look. OF EAVES AND LEAVES - LIGHT-FILLED AND LAYERED WITH HISTORY Ever stopped to think what makes a Napoleon, that delicious French pastry, such a contradiction of crispness and bursting-with-flavor lusciousness at the same time? It's one of a class of confections known as mille-feuille, or thousand leaves, made with parchment-thin layers of puff pastry alternating with custard-like crème. Every time you take a bite, you are experiencing its many layers simultaneously.  In this sense, Paris manifests itself physically very much the same way.  It is layered with history, and there are some parts of the city, notably the environs of this charming, top floor, light-filled flat, where its many strata are dexterously arranged on top of each other.   Just around the corner from this adorable apartment, so cozily tucked into its eaves, is one such ur	This charming and sunny apartment has a moment of wonder everywhere you look. There are also arched windows and deeply sloping, ancient roof beams wherever you look. Reached by elevator on the fourth and top floor of an ancient building, this charming and sunny apartment has a moment of wonder everywhere you look. OF EAVES AND LEAVES - LIGHT-FILLED AND LAYERED WITH HISTORY Ever stopped to think what makes a Napoleon, that delicious French pastry, such a contradiction of crispness and bursting-with-flavor lusciousness at the same time? It's one of a class of confections known as mille-feuille, or thousand leaves, made with parchment-thin layers of puff pastry alternating with custard-like crème. Every time you take a bite, you are experiencing its many layers simultaneously.  In this sense, Paris manifests itself physically very much the same way.  It is layered with history, and there are some parts of the city, notably the environs of this charming, top floor, light-filled flat, where
14918	It's very open and has plenty of storage space.	This is a beautiful, recently renovated apartment in the very center of Paris (1st arrondissement).  With floor-to-ceiling french windows looking onto the pedestrian street, the space gets great light and has a great feel. It's very open and has plenty of storage space. Happy to help with guest needs during your stay. Only one block from Rue de Rivoli, 2 blocks to the Seine, and 10 minutes on foot to the Marais, this neighborhood is lively and safe with extensive options for things to do and see within a 15 minute walk (including the Louvre, the Pompidou, Notre Dame, and the list goes on). It doesn't get more central than this -- everything is easy on foot and since the major metro hub is the closest stop (one entrance is steps from the front door), all of Paris is very easily accessed. Unless I am away for work or for the weekend, I will sleep on the pull-out couch in the main room.  I will be at work for most of the day during the week so you should feel comfortable to use the space.
14919	"""In a 1850's building, located in the heart of historic Paris, this charming apartment, bright and quiet, offers priviliged access to the monuments of the Capitale. 1 min walk to Tuileries garden and the Louvres Museum; 5 min walk to Opéra, Concorde and Madeleine place, 10 min walk to Boulevard St Germain "	"""In a 1850's building, located in the heart of historic Paris, this charming apartment, bright and quiet, offers priviliged access to the monuments of the Capitale. 1 min walk to Tuileries garden and the Louvres Museum; 5 min walk to Opéra, Concorde and Madeleine place, 10 min walk to Boulevard St Germain "
14920	The apartment is located on the 1st floor of a small building very typical of this area. You have a living room with a sofa bed with a very comfortable bed,  A coffee table, a dining table with chairs, a flat screen TV and international channels. The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen is integrated and separated from the lounge by a small counter It includes  all the home appliances you want, with, in particular, a washer dryer. Varied dishes and cooking ustensils are provided to you  The bedroom overlooks a quiet street. Its 2 windows give him a lot of bright . It features  1 large bed which can be turned into 2 single beds, if necessary, bedside tables and a large closet  The bathroom has a bath with shower, washbasin and toilet  The heating is electric,  A wooden  flooring covers the apartment 	Right in the middle area of the street Saint Honoré, 2 steps from the Opera, rue de la Paix and the Place Vendome, enjoy this small apartment on the border of the delightful “ Marché saint Honoré “ The apartment is located on the 1st floor of a small building very typical of this area. You have a living room with a sofa bed with a very comfortable bed,  A coffee table, a dining table with chairs, a flat screen TV and international channels. The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen is integrated and separated from the lounge by a small counter It includes  all the home appliances you want, with, in particular, a washer dryer. Varied dishes and cooking ustensils are provided to you  The bedroom overlooks a quiet street. Its 2 windows give him a lot of bright . It features  1 large bed which can be turned into 2 single beds, if necessary, bedside tables and a large closet  The bathroom has a bath with shower, washbasin and toilet  The heating is electric,  A wooden  floo
14921	Welcome in Paris! Perfectly located flat in the heart of Paris, next to the Louvre museum, and the famous gardens of palais royal and tuileries. One living room including a double sofa bed and an open kitchen, one bathroom with toilet, the flat is full of light with a total area of 22 sqm. 4 th floor in a 6 floors building from the 17th century equipped with an elevetor.   All kitchen inventory are at your disposal (fridge, washing machine, oven, coffee machine, plates, cups, etc).  Plenty of coffee shops and restaurants in the area. Bed linnen and towels are (website hidden) and internet connexion.  It is the first district of Paris, the most prestigious one with the best hotels, jewelers and shops all around. You can walk over Paris from this location very easily, if you take part to the fashion week it's the place to be, two hundred meters from Tuileries	Ideally located on the Richelieu Street, this is a wonderful 23 sq. meters and light-filled apartment with hardwood floors, that benefits from prestigious surroundings, right in the heart of Paris. Welcome in Paris! Perfectly located flat in the heart of Paris, next to the Louvre museum, and the famous gardens of palais royal and tuileries. One living room including a double sofa bed and an open kitchen, one bathroom with toilet, the flat is full of light with a total area of 22 sqm. 4 th floor in a 6 floors building from the 17th century equipped with an elevetor.   All kitchen inventory are at your disposal (fridge, washing machine, oven, coffee machine, plates, cups, etc).  Plenty of coffee shops and restaurants in the area. Bed linnen and towels are (website hidden) and internet connexion.  It is the first district of Paris, the most prestigious one with the best hotels, jewelers and shops all around. You can walk over Paris from this location very easily, if you take part to the f
14922	Studio lumineux 2 petites pieces et calme parfait pour 1 couple et 1 enfant (1lit double et 1 simple ) situe derrière la comédie française et la place des victoires Cheminée kitchenette 4 étage excellente situation  Animaux acceptés métro Louvres ou Palais Royal Bright and quiet great location Best location Palais-Royal Louvres, French comedy, restaurant , pont neuf Yes I love To help people Life style, quiet near from everything  SO central, Louvres is 2 mn walking 3 Subway station, great Food	Studio lumineux 2 petites pieces et calme parfait pour 1 couple et 1 enfant (1lit double et 1 simple ) situe derrière la comédie française et la place des victoires Cheminée kitchenette 4 étage excellente situation  Animaux acceptés métro Louvres ou Palais Royal Bright and quiet great location Best location Palais-Royal Louvres, French comedy, restaurant , pont neuf Yes I love To help people Life style, quiet near from everything  SO central, Louvres is 2 mn walking 3 Subway station, great Food Louvres, French comedy, restaurant , pont neuf, place des victoires
14923	Located in the deep heart of Paris, in the central 1st district, this area is simply amazing. Two steps away from Rivoli Street, Les Halles and St Honoré Street, you can easily walk from your Paris rental aparment to Le Marais area, Montorgueil, the Pompidou Center, the Louvre Museum etc. 200m down south you will reach the Seine River, Cité Island and then St Germain des Pres on the left bank. With many restaurants, cafés, bakeries, clothes shops and gifts you will find everything you might need there! The closest metro stations to this Paris apartment are Les Halles, Louvre-Rivoli, Châtelet and Pont Neuf. You can also easily reach Arts et Metiers and Etienne Marcel. The RER Châtelet les Halles will lead you to CDG airport in 45 minutes. Standing This Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of a building without a lift. Layout This recently renewed 90sqm (969 sq ft) apartment to rent in Paris is a combination of two apartments. Therefore it features two kitchens, two bathrooms, two	Located in the deep heart of Paris, in the central 1st district, this area is simply amazing. Two steps away from Rivoli Street, Les Halles and St Honoré Street, you can easily walk from your Paris rental aparment to Le Marais area, Montorgueil, the Pompidou Center, the Louvre Museum etc. 200m down south you will reach the Seine River, Cité Island and then St Germain des Pres on the left bank. With many restaurants, cafés, bakeries, clothes shops and gifts you will find everything you might need there! The closest metro stations to this Paris apartment are Les Halles, Louvre-Rivoli, Châtelet and Pont Neuf. You can also easily reach Arts et Metiers and Etienne Marcel. The RER Châtelet les Halles will lead you to CDG airport in 45 minutes. Standing This Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of a building without a lift. Layout This recently renewed 90sqm (969 sq ft) apartment to rent in Paris is a combination of two apartments. Therefore it features two kitchens, two bathrooms, two
14924	It's a very elegant Studio apartment (39 square meters), that will make your stay even more exiting. Apartment is located in a perfect place to discover Paris - around the corner of historical Montorgueil street, pedestrian and very lively district (café, restaurants) with many shopkeepers (bakeries, cheesemongers, market-garden). In this way you have everything 1min away, but still stay in a quiet street ;) It's on the 1 st French floor of a 18th century walk up building and it sleeps 4 people.  It's fully equipped for a pleasent stay. You will find printer, washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, stereo, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utilities.	As i'm constantly on business trips, i invite you to stay in my cozy apartment, which is ideally located in the hearth of paris at 8min from Chatelet Metro station and RER Station Les Halles, from which you will easily get to all airports ;) It's a very elegant Studio apartment (39 square meters), that will make your stay even more exiting. Apartment is located in a perfect place to discover Paris - around the corner of historical Montorgueil street, pedestrian and very lively district (café, restaurants) with many shopkeepers (bakeries, cheesemongers, market-garden). In this way you have everything 1min away, but still stay in a quiet street ;) It's on the 1 st French floor of a 18th century walk up building and it sleeps 4 people.  It's fully equipped for a pleasent stay. You will find printer, washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, stereo, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utilities. Yo
14925	Best spot in Paris; Place de la Concorde and 5 minutes away from Champs Elysées, Opéra Garnier, Place Vendôme, Louvre, etc. All furnished and all access for visitors to Wifi, Cable tv, washing machine, dishwashing machine, bath tub, heat etc.	Best spot in Paris; Place de la Concorde and 5 minutes away from Champs Elysées, Opéra Garnier, Place Vendôme, Louvre, etc. All furnished and all access for visitors to Wifi, Cable tv, washing machine, dishwashing machine, bath tub, heat etc. All access: internet, cable tv, kitchen equipment etc. We will give you the keys and then keep contact by phone or email Amazing district for a nice weekend in Paris, lots of shopping, very famous monuments; Louvre, Concorde, Palais Royale, Jardins des Tuileries, etc. Subway Madeleine L.12, L.8, L14                Concorde L.1, L.12, L.8 Bus (phone number hidden)
14926	A small mattress on the floor in the living room only for the night.	A small mattress on the floor in the living room only for the night. Access to the bathroom and kitchen for the breakfast I help you for a good trip in Paris! 10 mns walking from the Louvre Museum, 20 mns walking from Opera and Notre-Dame... many metro stations and RER In the heart of the storical Paris
14927	Le logement est à la fois moderne et typique des vieux immeubles parisiens. Il est idéal pour deux personnes et son emplacement au cœur de la capitale est son réel point fort.	Charmant studio aux poutres apparentes situé au centre de Paris. La rue Étienne Marcel offre de nombreux commerces et les grands monuments et musées sont accessibles rapidement à pieds (Louvre, Opéra, Bourse...) Le quartier est desservi par de nombreux métros. Attrayant la journée, le quartier est cependant calme la nuit. Le logement est à la fois moderne et typique des vieux immeubles parisiens. Il est idéal pour deux personnes et son emplacement au cœur de la capitale est son réel point fort. Métro 1-3-4-7-14 RER Châtelet - Les Halles Nombreuses Stations de bus Lors de l'arrivée des voyageurs La rue Montorgeuil est une rue piétonne charmante et très connue pour son marché et ses restaurants. L'emplacement du studio est idéal pour se rendre dans les nombreuses attractions touristiques comme le musée du Louvre/ Opéra/ le pont des arts. Le quartier offre également un large accès aux magasins. ------------------------------------------------------ Close to the main museums: le Louvre, op
14928	Well designed and newly refurbished in Spring 2006 with a classic style, the apartment offers a welcoming and cosy environment, ideal for feeling right at home, with the added bonus of being in an area regarded as one of the most prestigious in Paris. The entrance to the apartment opens up on a large living room with two large windows with southern exposure which fill the room with light and overlook the silent courtyard. The sitting area offers a large convertible sofa bed (140x180), a matching ottoman and a glass coffee table, whilst the dining area offers a table for 4/6 people with matching cupboards, in front of the open plan kitchen, fully equipped with all necessities including a microwave oven. The bedroom, with the same parquet flooring, colour scheme and southern exposure as the living area, offers a large double bed (160x190), a closet with sliding doors and a comfortable en-suite bathroom with a shower with hydro massage, a basin, a bidet and a toilet. The apartment is loca	Unique 40 (website hidden) one bedroom apartment for rent in Paris, located on the fifth floor of a historical building (with elevator) just by the place Vendôme, in the heart of the city. Well designed and newly refurbished in Spring 2006 with a classic style, the apartment offers a welcoming and cosy environment, ideal for feeling right at home, with the added bonus of being in an area regarded as one of the most prestigious in Paris. The entrance to the apartment opens up on a large living room with two large windows with southern exposure which fill the room with light and overlook the silent courtyard. The sitting area offers a large convertible sofa bed (140x180), a matching ottoman and a glass coffee table, whilst the dining area offers a table for 4/6 people with matching cupboards, in front of the open plan kitchen, fully equipped with all necessities including a microwave oven. The bedroom, with the same parquet flooring, colour scheme and southern exposure as the living area
14929	Très bel appartement au 5ème étage, Rue de Rivoli, entièrement rénové, pour jusqu'à 4 personnes, comprend une entrée, une cuisine aménagée, une salle de douche avec WC, un séjour et une chambre baignée de lumière par 3 grandes portes-fenêtres donnant sur un balcon filant avec une  vue imprenable donnant sur le musée du Louvre.   Cet immeuble Haussmanien possède un petit ascenseur, digicode et porte blindée, situé face à la bouche de métro Louvre Rivoli (ligne1).   Cet appartement est équipé de  machine à laver, lave-vaisselle,  micro-ondes, cafetière, bouilloire, grille pain, téléviseur écran plat, internet haut débit illimité, WIFI ADSL, un lit double 160x200 et un canapé lit pour 2 personnes. De notre appartement, idéalement situé au coeur de Paris, vous pourrez visiter à pied des monuments historiques et culturels comme le Louvre, le Châtelet, la Cathédrale Notre Dame, le Palais Royal, la Concorde, les Tuileries, place Vendôme, les Champs Elysées, les quais de Seine, l'île de la Cit	Très bel appartement au 5ème étage, Rue de Rivoli, entièrement rénové, pour jusqu'à 4 personnes, comprend une entrée, une cuisine aménagée, une salle de douche avec WC, un séjour et une chambre baignée de lumière par 3 grandes portes-fenêtres donnant sur un balcon filant avec une  vue imprenable donnant sur le musée du Louvre.   Cet immeuble Haussmanien possède un petit ascenseur, digicode et porte blindée, situé face à la bouche de métro Louvre Rivoli (ligne1).   Cet appartement est équipé de  machine à laver, lave-vaisselle,  micro-ondes, cafetière, bouilloire, grille pain, téléviseur écran plat, internet haut débit illimité, WIFI ADSL, un lit double 160x200 et un canapé lit pour 2 personnes. De notre appartement, idéalement situé au coeur de Paris, vous pourrez visiter à pied des monuments historiques et culturels comme le Louvre, le Châtelet, la Cathédrale Notre Dame, le Palais Royal, la Concorde, les Tuileries, place Vendôme, les Champs Elysées, les quais de Seine, l'île de la Cit
14930	STANDING Located on the 3rd floor of a very high standing building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. As soon as you will enter the building, you will be amazed by such beauty ! The entrance hall and the stairwell are so majestic and impressive, they are quite exceptional. Another exceptional feature is the view ! You will definitely feel very privileged here as the view is just astonishing : the Tuileries garden, the Eiffel Tower, the Grand Palais, the Invalides Dome, and so much more right under your eyes. LAYOUT This 190 sqm apartment consists in two apartments : a 2-bedroom apartment and a fully equipped studio. They are both on the same floor and the studio has an independent entrance door. It will be suitable for a total of six guests. The main apartment one has two separate bedrooms and two bathrooms. It will comfortably sleep four guests. The entrance hall is very impressive with its paintings and very spacious. It wil	Come and stay in the heart of Paris and enjoy the exceptional view on the Tuileries Garden right in front of you, the Eiffel Tower or the Invalides Dome from this 190 sqm (1917 sq ft) 3-bedroom apartment suitable for six guests. STANDING Located on the 3rd floor of a very high standing building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. As soon as you will enter the building, you will be amazed by such beauty ! The entrance hall and the stairwell are so majestic and impressive, they are quite exceptional. Another exceptional feature is the view ! You will definitely feel very privileged here as the view is just astonishing : the Tuileries garden, the Eiffel Tower, the Grand Palais, the Invalides Dome, and so much more right under your eyes. LAYOUT This 190 sqm apartment consists in two apartments : a 2-bedroom apartment and a fully equipped studio. They are both on the same floor and the studio has an independent entrance door. It wil
14931	Chambre spacieuse dans appartement en plein centre de Paris L'appartement est composé de deux chambres, une kitchenette et une salle de bain avec baignoire.   	Chambre spacieuse en plein centre de Paris L'appartement est composé de 2chambres, une kitchenette et une salle de bain avec baignoire. Ma colocataire occupe l'autre chambre. Salle de bain, wc et cuisine partagés. Serviettes de bain non fournies. Chambre spacieuse dans appartement en plein centre de Paris L'appartement est composé de deux chambres, une kitchenette et une salle de bain avec baignoire. Ma colocataire occupe l'autre chambre. Salle de bain, wc et cuisine partagés. Située en plein centre de Paris, l'appartement est un point de départ idéal pour visiter Paris. Le centre Pompidou est à 5 minutes de marche, le Louvre à 10 minutes, les Tuileries et le Marais sont également juste à côté.  Il est possible d'effectuer de nombreuses visites à pied depuis l'appartement. De plus, de nombreuses lignes de métro passent à chatelêt, et une bouche de métro est à une minute de la porte de l'immeuble. Appartement à une minute du métro châtelet, qui est la station centrale de Paris, et à 5 m
14932	Great Hausman's style 3 room's apartment. Central, spacious, very light and airy. This apartment is fully furnished and equipped. DESCRIPTION The 3 rooms can be used as 3 bed-rooms if needed. Each one has a french window (round and wide) and its own balcony. A - BED-ROOM => 1 double-bed, 1 old fireplace, 1 big mirror, 1 wardrobe, 1 table, 4 lights, 1 balcony B - LIVING-ROOM (as a 2nd bed-room if you are 3 or 4 guests) => 1 sofa 3 seats (convertible as a very comfortable double bed), 2 folding chairs to seat on the balcony 2 pairs of black out curtains (90% dark) 1 storage unit (few shelves for your clothes) 1 nightstand 1 bar with 2 stools 1 TV + blue ray with usb input (Sky News, Bloomberg, BBC World…) C - The DINING-ROOM  (as a 3rd bed-room if you are 5 or 6 guests) => 1 sofa 3 seats (convertible as a very comfortable double bed), 1 table for 4 people (extendable to 6), 6 chairs, 1 storage unit (few shelves for your clothes) 1 nightstand 1 bar with 2 stools 1 stereo, 1 land-line phon	CHEAP & COZY ! 3 rooms' apartment Very light and airy! 2 steps from Louvre, shopping, restos Direct from/to airports, train stations Save time & money on transport  SMOKING ON BALCONIES ONLY NO PARTIES, PLEASE Great Hausman's style 3 room's apartment. Central, spacious, very light and airy. This apartment is fully furnished and equipped. DESCRIPTION The 3 rooms can be used as 3 bed-rooms if needed. Each one has a french window (round and wide) and its own balcony. A - BED-ROOM => 1 double-bed, 1 old fireplace, 1 big mirror, 1 wardrobe, 1 table, 4 lights, 1 balcony B - LIVING-ROOM (as a 2nd bed-room if you are 3 or 4 guests) => 1 sofa 3 seats (convertible as a very comfortable double bed), 2 folding chairs to seat on the balcony 2 pairs of black out curtains (90% dark) 1 storage unit (few shelves for your clothes) 1 nightstand 1 bar with 2 stools 1 TV + blue ray with usb input (Sky News, Bloomberg, BBC World…) C - The DINING-ROOM  (as a 3rd bed-room if you are 5 or 6 guests) => 1 sofa 3
14933	The Tuileries Gardens are one of the many splendors and magnificent pieces of art and architecture found in Paris--many spend hours strolling through and relaxing, taking in the tranquility. The apartment itself is not only located adjacent to this Parisian masterpiece, but provides a view overlooking them! The Tuileries Garden apartment is the ultimate choice in luxury, and has one of the best views in Paris! Make this apartment your short term holiday rental in Paris. The Apartment Upon entering the building, from the infamous rue de Rivoli, you get a feel for the sheer opulence and luxury that you are about to set yourself into. The apartment entry, prestine with its precious stone floors, leads to the elegant living area, where the view over the Tuileries Garden can be seen in all its splendor! The living area, with oversized sofa, and Parisian style armchairs, provide ample seating for entertaing and having an aperatif with family and friends. The simple, yet elegant, master bedro	The apartment entry, prestine with its precious stone floors, leads to the elegant living area, where the view over the Tuileries Garden can be seen in all its splendor! The Tuileries Gardens are one of the many splendors and magnificent pieces of art and architecture found in Paris--many spend hours strolling through and relaxing, taking in the tranquility. The apartment itself is not only located adjacent to this Parisian masterpiece, but provides a view overlooking them! The Tuileries Garden apartment is the ultimate choice in luxury, and has one of the best views in Paris! Make this apartment your short term holiday rental in Paris. The Apartment Upon entering the building, from the infamous rue de Rivoli, you get a feel for the sheer opulence and luxury that you are about to set yourself into. The apartment entry, prestine with its precious stone floors, leads to the elegant living area, where the view over the Tuileries Garden can be seen in all its splendor! The living area, wit
14934	Localisation très centrale ! Traversez la rue pour entrer dans le Louvre ou promenez vous dans le jardin des Tuileries. 	Studio de 35 m², lumineux et fonctionnel, idéal pour un couple. Situé strictement face au Louvre, la situation est donc très centrale, proche de plusieurs métros et en plein cœur historique de Paris. Localisation très centrale ! Traversez la rue pour entrer dans le Louvre ou promenez vous dans le jardin des Tuileries.  L'appartement entier vous est dédié.  Interdiction de fumer dans l'appartement. Les animaux domestiques sont interdits également. Je ne serai jamais présent dans l'appartement pendant votre séjour. Avec un peu de chance nous pouvons nous croiser à l'arrivée, et je serai dans ce cas ravi de partager quelques bonnes idées ou adresses.  Le Louvre est magnifique, ainsi que ses jardins (Les Tuileries). Il borde la Seine, le long de laquelle vous pouvez vous promener, jusqu'au pont des arts ou le musée d'Orsay par exemple.  On oublie souvent de parler des jardins du Palais Royal, à 200 mètres de l'appartement, lieu très paisible à l'intérieur d'un lieu historique.  Au moins 3 
14935	Appartement typiquement parisien de 50m2 avec balcon / terrasse. Superbe vue sur les toits parisiens et la Tour Jean sans Peur. Quartier piétons où vous trouverez tout ce que vous souhaitez pour vous restaurer ou faire du shopping.	Très bel appartement parisien, bien agencé, avec parquet et moulures, pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes ( 3 adultes et un enfant ) Superbe vue sur la Tour Jean sans Peur Idéal pour découvrir Paris en couple ou avec vos enfants. Appartement typiquement parisien de 50m2 avec balcon / terrasse. Superbe vue sur les toits parisiens et la Tour Jean sans Peur. Quartier piétons où vous trouverez tout ce que vous souhaitez pour vous restaurer ou faire du shopping. L'appartement se compose de :  -Une chambre adulte ( 1 lit double ) avec une décoration épurée  -Une chambre avec lit enfant (120cm). Nous disposons aussi d’un berceau si vous voyagez avec un bébé. -Une cuisine entièrement équipée, machine à café Nespresso + mousseur de lait ( vous pourrez préparer de délicieux capuccinos et latte, four, micro ondes , lave vaisselle…, la cuisine est ouverte sur le salon -Salon  avec un canapé pouvant accueillir le couchage d’une personne ( non convertible )  -Salle de bain avec baignoire / douche
14936	Located in the 2nd arrondissement, the old market streets are devoid of cars, but crowded with locals shopping for some of the best fresh food in town. The main drag is rue Montorgueil, lined with fruit-and-vegetable stands, bakeries, butcher shops and cheese stores. Nearby rue Tiquetonne and rue Dussoubs also have their share of boutiques and beautiful old architecture. Very bright and spacious apartment located in the heart of the Montorgueil area. APARTMENT DESCRIPTION This 56 sqm apartment is located in Paris 2nd arrondissement two steps away from the metro station Etienne Marcel. It is ideally set on the third floor of a very secure typically Parisian building with lift. The place has been recently fully renovated, it offers great spacious rooms pleasant to live in and bright.  The vast living area has on one side a very comfortable and convenient sofa-bed to watch the big screen TV on, and on the other a large dining table where you can share meals with friends and family. Both t	Located in the 2nd arrondissement, the old market streets are devoid of cars, but crowded with locals shopping for some of the best fresh food in town. The main drag is rue Montorgueil, lined with fruit-and-vegetable stands, bakeries, butcher shops and cheese stores. Nearby rue Tiquetonne and rue Dussoubs also have their share of boutiques and beautiful old architecture. Very bright and spacious apartment located in the heart of the Montorgueil area. APARTMENT DESCRIPTION This 56 sqm apartment is located in Paris 2nd arrondissement two steps away from the metro station Etienne Marcel. It is ideally set on the third floor of a very secure typically Parisian building with lift. The place has been recently fully renovated, it offers great spacious rooms pleasant to live in and bright.  The vast living area has on one side a very comfortable and convenient sofa-bed to watch the big screen TV on, and on the other a large dining table where you can share meals with friends and family. Both t
14937	Hyper central, très bien situé, près des sites importants (La Concorde & La Madeleine, Le Louvre & Les Arts décoratifs, Le Musée d'Orsay ; l'Opéra Garnier & La Comédie française.	Hyper central, très bien situé, près des sites importants (La Concorde & La Madeleine, Le Louvre & Les Arts décoratifs, Le Musée d'Orsay ; l'Opéra Garnier & La Comédie française. Salle à manger, cuisine, chambre et salle de bain.  Je peux répondre à toutes leurs questions.
14938	Very bright 4th floor apartment with two large windows giving a view on the roofs of Paris and the Centre Georges Pompidou museum	Located in the heart of Paris, this small 25m2  studio located at 55 rue Quicampoix is close to all tourist attractions. Very well equipped and very bright  Very bright 4th floor apartment with two large windows giving a view on the roofs of Paris and the Centre Georges Pompidou museum Very well located to visit Paris, many shops, cafes, restaurants. located between the Marais district Montreuil, St Germain des Pres, Louvre  A few steps from the metro Chatelet les Halles, direct from Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports by RER B, many other metro lines currently providing access to all paris
14939	"The apartment is very well decorated and was recently renovated. It is located in the area of le Louvre, with trendy shops and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - Le Louvre: 1 minute walking distance.  - Champs Elysées: 15 minutes walking distance.  - Notre-Dame: 10 minutes walking distance (or 2 stations away)  - Le Marais/Centre Pompidou: 10 minutes walking distance  - La Seine river: 2 minutes walking distance  - Tour Eiffel: 20 minutes (direct bus)  - And many more! Presentation of the apartment:  It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay.   The apartment is on the first floor. Is has a living room with a sofa bed and a fully equiped separated kitchen.  In the living room there is an easily convertible couch (160*190),queen size bed, an LCD TV (19 ""), Internet access,  dressing, iron, heater. Kitchen : fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper,"	"Welcome to my design studio apartment in the center of Paris. The apartment is very well decorated and was recently renovated. It is located in the area of le Louvre, with trendy shops and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - Le Louvre: 1 minute walking distance.  - Champs Elysées: 15 minutes walking distance.  - Notre-Dame: 10 minutes walking distance (or 2 stations away)  - Le Marais/Centre Pompidou: 10 minutes walking distance  - La Seine river: 2 minutes walking distance  - Tour Eiffel: 20 minutes (direct bus)  - And many more! Presentation of the apartment:  It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay.   The apartment is on the first floor. Is has a living room with a sofa bed and a fully equiped separated kitchen.  In the living room there is an easily convertible couch (160*190),queen size bed, an LCD TV (19 ""), Internet access,  dressing, iron, heater. Kitchen : fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven, toaster, coffee ma"
14940	L'appartement est très lumineux et surtout central. Chatelet est le plus grand hub de métro dans Paris. Accès rapide à tous les moyens de transport.  Petit balcon charmant dans un appartement à partager à trois. J'ai deux colocataires très sympathiques, qui pourront sans hésiter vous aider.	La chambre est à Châtelet-les-Halles, 5 min pied du Marais, dans un appartement avec deux autres colocs. Lumineuse, confortable, donne sur rue calme. Entièrement équipée (lit, armoire, internet...). Balcon en plus pour petit déjeuner au soleil L'appartement est très lumineux et surtout central. Chatelet est le plus grand hub de métro dans Paris. Accès rapide à tous les moyens de transport.  Petit balcon charmant dans un appartement à partager à trois. J'ai deux colocataires très sympathiques, qui pourront sans hésiter vous aider. Chambre privée/ salle de bains, cuisine et toilettes à partager Je serai joignable par téléphone Plein coeur de Paris, animé par des restaurants et bars. La partie où nous vivons est assez calme. On vit à 5 min pied de Pompidou et du Marais. La plupart des métros passent à deux minutes d'ici. à proximité des métros (phone number hidden), Rer A, B et D)
14941		20m2 Studio situated in the heart of Paris, Rue Saint-Honoré, a few steps from the LOUVRE Museum! It contains a little kitchenette with all appliances and a bathroom.  From CDG Airport, take train connection (RER B) to Châtelet-Les Halles. *From there it is a 5 minutes walk or you can take Metro Line 1 (direction La Défense) and stop at Louvre-Rivoli which is 100m away from the Studio. From Orly Airport, take the Bus to Denfert-Rochereau train station (RER B- Direction Mitry or Aéroport CDG) and stop at Châtelet-Les Halles. (*) Those arriving by train, I'll be happy to explain on the phone how to get to my place.  I can send you a pdf file of the Metro-Train-Bus map. 
14942	Son emplacement en plein coeur de Paris.	Très beau deux pièces de 40m2 de grande qualité au 5éme étage,bien situé à deux pas de la place Vendôme,des jardins des tuileries,du Louvre et de l' opéra proche commerces et métro. Se composant d' un séjour très lumineux,calme,refait à neuf avec un  Son emplacement en plein coeur de Paris.  A 5' à pied du magnifique jardin des tuileries puis au louvre et place vendôme et la place de l' opéra. Quartier  très pratique accès à tout, théatre, opéra, restaurants, shopping, balades très agréables etc.. Prendre la ligne 1  descendre au métro Tuileries qui donne accès dans tout Paris Je peux vous aider à monter les bagages car ce sont des petits étages mais au 5 ème étage  sans ascenceur
14943	You will immediately fall in love with this luxury apartment perched in a 18th century building overlooking the rooftops of Paris and a glimpse of the Eiffel Tower! Spacious and bright, the apartment offers a wide convivial living space opened on to the kitchen and the bar ! Perfect for a large family or a getaway with friends or collegues, the apartment is equipped with flat screen televisions in every room, a video game console and free, high-speed unlimited wireless internet access (Wi-Fi). For your convenience, we have also set up a phone line with unlimited calls to land-lines in many countries! This beautiful apartment has four very comfortable double beds (one can be prepared in twin beds), a bathroom with two sinks, a shower room with one sink and two separate WC with sinks. Fresh bed linens, towels and a professional cleaning before your stay, are all included in the rent. Come and enjoy Paris and stay in the wonderful apartment that gives you a Parisian skyline of the Eiffel 	This gorgeous, luxurious and spacious flat is perfect for a large family or a getaway with friends or collegues. Spacious and bright, the apartment offers a wide convivial living space, and TV screens in 3 bedrooms. The position is fantastic. You will immediately fall in love with this luxury apartment perched in a 18th century building overlooking the rooftops of Paris and a glimpse of the Eiffel Tower! Spacious and bright, the apartment offers a wide convivial living space opened on to the kitchen and the bar ! Perfect for a large family or a getaway with friends or collegues, the apartment is equipped with flat screen televisions in every room, a video game console and free, high-speed unlimited wireless internet access (Wi-Fi). For your convenience, we have also set up a phone line with unlimited calls to land-lines in many countries! This beautiful apartment has four very comfortable double beds (one can be prepared in twin beds), a bathroom with two sinks, a shower room with one 
14944		Small studio near to the louvre, with bathroom , toilets, brand new kitchen.  24m2 in the center of Paris .near to the metro! Ideal for a few days visit!
14945	Located on the 3rd floor of a very high standing building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. As soon as you will enter the building, you will be amazed by such beauty ! The entrance hall and the stairwell are so majestic and impressive, they are quite exceptional. Another exceptional feature is the view ! You will definitely feel very privileged here as the view is just astonishing : the Tuileries garden, the Eiffel Tower, the Grand Palais, the Invalides Dome, and so much more right under your eyes. This 190 sqm apartment consists in two apartments : a 2-bedroom apartment and a fully equipped studio. They are both on the same floor and the studio has an independent entrance door. It will be suitable for a total of six guests. The main apartment one has two separate bedrooms and two bathrooms. It will comfortably sleep four guests. The entrance hall is very impressive with its paintings and very spacious. It will first lead to 	Come and stay in the heart of Paris and enjoy the exceptional view on the Tuileries Garden right in front of you, the Eiffel Tower or the Invalides Dome from this 190 sqm (1917 sq ft) 3-bedroom apartment suitable for six guests. Located on the 3rd floor of a very high standing building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. As soon as you will enter the building, you will be amazed by such beauty ! The entrance hall and the stairwell are so majestic and impressive, they are quite exceptional. Another exceptional feature is the view ! You will definitely feel very privileged here as the view is just astonishing : the Tuileries garden, the Eiffel Tower, the Grand Palais, the Invalides Dome, and so much more right under your eyes. This 190 sqm apartment consists in two apartments : a 2-bedroom apartment and a fully equipped studio. They are both on the same floor and the studio has an independent entrance door. It will be suitable fo
14946	"A great place for a writing retreat or a romantic stay, this 1 BR has a separate kitchen and a shower bathroom, and two very large windows on a quiet street. The appartment has apparent woodbeams, and a luxurious blue tiled shower. It is on the 5th floor with no elevator. It is also is situated very close to the Louvre ( 3 min walk ), the Jardin du Palais Royal, and minutes from most of the ""passages couverts"" in Paris."	"A sunny quiet space, minutes from the Louvre, in the heart or Paris, in a renovated 16th century building. A perfect room for a romantic stay in Paris. A great place for a writing retreat or a romantic stay, this 1 BR has a separate kitchen and a shower bathroom, and two very large windows on a quiet street. The appartment has apparent woodbeams, and a luxurious blue tiled shower. It is on the 5th floor with no elevator. It is also is situated very close to the Louvre ( 3 min walk ), the Jardin du Palais Royal, and minutes from most of the ""passages couverts"" in Paris. Clean sheets, towels... A slow ( but working ) internet connection. I will be away but available on the phone and via email. The appartment is on the 5th floor with no elevator... Gear up !"
14947	Au Niveau 3, composé d’une confortable pièce principale avec couchage de 140cm, d’une salle de bains/WC fonctionelle et d’une cuisine séparées pour élaborer collations et petit-déjeuners.  Linge de maison et toilette fourni, 2 jeux de clefs à disposition.	Au Niveau 3, composé d’une confortable pièce principale avec couchage de 140cm, d’une salle de bains/WC fonctionelle et d’une cuisine séparées pour élaborer collations et petit-déjeuners.  Linge de maison et toilette fourni, 2 jeux de clefs à disposition. Le jour de votre arrivée je vous accueille personellement entre 9 heures et 13 heures. De l’aéroport de ROISSY CHARLES de GAULLE Trajet avec le RER est d’une durée d’1heure environ. Prendre le RER ligne B, jusqu’à la station Paris-Châtelet les Halles. De l’aéroport d’ORLY Trajet avec le RER + ORLYVAL est d’une durée d’1heure environ. Prendre l’ORLYVAL puis le RER ligne B, jusqu’à la station Paris-Châtelet les Halles. A partir du 31 décembre 2014 contre supplément un parking dans le quartier pourra être mis à disposition.
14948	fully furnished, bright and sunny, very convenient, perfect for a short term rental! The apartment is situated in the 6th and last floor (Lift starts at 1st floor and stops at 5th floor) of a 1880's parisian building. Have a nice stay in Paris! Apartment appliances and equipment: Linen provided. Refrigerator, Freezer, Cooking rings, Dinnerware and serving pieces, Kettle. SIM card with unlimited internet, SMS, calls provided. Heating: Electricity Hot water: Electricity This Apartment is composed of: Living Room:  Bed: single mattress,  Approx: 10m², 1 window, Orientation West, view on Rooftops and the Eiffel tower, 1 chair, Table, 3 cupboards, Equipped kitchen, 2 Wash Basins, shower, separate WC 	Perfect location, independent, 2 mns from the Louvre, save time and money exploring Paris on foot and by bicycle. A Velib card (free bicycle card for Paris) as well as SIM card with unlimited Internet, calls & SMS. Enjoy your stay! fully furnished, bright and sunny, very convenient, perfect for a short term rental! The apartment is situated in the 6th and last floor (Lift starts at 1st floor and stops at 5th floor) of a 1880's parisian building. Have a nice stay in Paris! Apartment appliances and equipment: Linen provided. Refrigerator, Freezer, Cooking rings, Dinnerware and serving pieces, Kettle. SIM card with unlimited internet, SMS, calls provided. Heating: Electricity Hot water: Electricity This Apartment is composed of: Living Room:  Bed: single mattress,  Approx: 10m², 1 window, Orientation West, view on Rooftops and the Eiffel tower, 1 chair, Table, 3 cupboards, Equipped kitchen, 2 Wash Basins, shower, separate WC I'll try to help you as much as I can. Don't hesitate to contact
14949	très clair et fonctionnel avec une cuisine équipée un havre de tranquillité dans un quartier très animé	très clair et fonctionnel avec une cuisine équipée un havre de tranquillité dans un quartier très animé WIFI , télévision par cable... nous vous accueillons pour un check in personnalisé et pour répondre à vos questions tous les avantages du centre de Paris! la plus grande station de métro/RER à moins de 100 m et les plus beaux sites touristiques que vous pourrez visiter à pieds!
14950	Location :  Located in the very heart of Paris, Rue saint Honore is situated in the first and most central Quartier, stretching right through to the infamous Champs Elysee. The distinguished and historically food orientated district of Les Halles is in abundance of wonderful Restaurants, Bars, Theatres, Gourmet Delicatessens and plentiful Boutiques. A bustling and thriving area, strewn with typically Parisian Café / Brasseries making  for some of the most interesting people watching in all of Paris. In close proximity : The apartment is within 5 minutes walking distance of the legendary ’Musee du Louvre’ and its enormous surrounding ‘Jardin des Tuilleries’. an equal short stroll takes you to the beautiful theatre and gardens of the’ palais Royal’.  A stone’s throw across the river from the iconic ‘ Notre Dame Cathedra’l and the Isles of paris  (dedicated to late night picnicking and star lit bridge spotting and indeed in view of the ‘Eiffel tower’). The charming back streets of ‘Saint-	Location :  Located in the very heart of Paris, Rue saint Honore is situated in the first and most central Quartier, stretching right through to the infamous Champs Elysee. The distinguished and historically food orientated district of Les Halles is in abundance of wonderful Restaurants, Bars, Theatres, Gourmet Delicatessens and plentiful Boutiques. A bustling and thriving area, strewn with typically Parisian Café / Brasseries making  for some of the most interesting people watching in all of Paris. In close proximity : The apartment is within 5 minutes walking distance of the legendary ’Musee du Louvre’ and its enormous surrounding ‘Jardin des Tuilleries’. an equal short stroll takes you to the beautiful theatre and gardens of the’ palais Royal’.  A stone’s throw across the river from the iconic ‘ Notre Dame Cathedra’l and the Isles of paris  (dedicated to late night picnicking and star lit bridge spotting and indeed in view of the ‘Eiffel tower’). The charming back streets of ‘Saint-
14951	Location close to Louvre and Opera	ELEGANT AND VERY COMFORTABLE FOR FOUR PERSONS. FULLY EQUIPPED KITCHEN LOUNGE FULL OF LIGHT TWO BEDROOMS TWO BATHROOMS IN A RESIDENTIAL AND ELEGANT BUILDING THIS APARTMENT IS PERFECT FOR 4 PERSONS BUT SLEEPS UP TO SIX. TWO BEDROOMS TWO BATHROOMS BIG F
14952	This apartment is located in rue des Lombards,right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of Chatelet Les Halles.  It is on the 2nd floor of a nice building, with no lift. You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. 	"Welcome to your perfect central Paris base! Our calendar is always up-to-date; if you are interested in some dates, just press ""Book""! This apartment is located in rue des Lombards,right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of Chatelet Les Halles.  It is on the 2nd floor of a nice building, with no lift. You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. The apartment itself can accommodate up to 6 people. -1 bedroom with 2 single beds (90 x 200 cms each) -2 pull-out sofas in the living room that open up as a full double beds. (140 x 200 cms each) You will find a 32"" flat screen TV as well as wi-fi internet. The kitchen is well equipped with an oven, dishwasher, stove, fridge, coffee maker, toaster and microwave.  All bed linen and towels are provided. A travel cot for babies up to 3 years old is available. I remain available throughout their stay via email or phone. On your doorstep you will find plenty of restaurants, jazz clubs, bars, shops, supermark"
14953	Studio équipé d'une mézzanine avec couchage + canapé lit	Studio équipé d'une mézzanine avec couchage + canapé lit Studio indépendant entièrement équipé cuisine et salle de bain. Contact par mail ou téléphone. Assistance durant tout le séjour. Langues anglais ou français. Quartier Chatelet-Les halles situé au coeur de Paris. Idéal pour visiter Paris à pieds et à toute heure Bus, taxis, métro, rer direct aéroport. Vélo (Vélib) Tous commerces à proximité.  Situation idéale pour visiter Paris.
14954		Completely refurbished and equipped apartment studio. Ready to go   
14955		Venez découvrir notre nouvel appartement sur la prestigieuse rue des bijoutiers, la rue de la paix! L'appartement vient d'être refait, dans un superbe immeuble classé, au 6e étage, vue sur le ciel.
14956	90m² large apartment in the center of Paris. Rue Villedo 1st district of Paris. 1st place order. 3 large bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. Bedroom 1 : double bed (180*200) Bedroom 2 : double bed (180*200) or 2 single beds Bedroom 3 : double bed (phone number hidden) single or 3 single beds. In the living room : 1 double sofa bed. Capacity: 9 people. Internet, fully equipped , 1st floor elevator.	Beautiful Parisian apartment, completely new and fully equipped. 3 Bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, large living room. Up to 9 people. An exceptional location street Villedo Paris 1: between the Louvre, Palais Royal, Opera, Rue de Rivoli 90m² large apartment in the center of Paris. Rue Villedo 1st district of Paris. 1st place order. 3 large bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. Bedroom 1 : double bed (180*200) Bedroom 2 : double bed (180*200) or 2 single beds Bedroom 3 : double bed (phone number hidden) single or 3 single beds. In the living room : 1 double sofa bed. Capacity: 9 people. Internet, fully equipped , 1st floor elevator.
14957		The prefect flat to visit the heart of Paris, or if you prefer to go shopping at Les Galeries Lafayette. It is well located in the very center of the city with all the main subway lines passing near by. It is very practical and recently renovated.
14958	Please note we are located moments from the heat of the fashion week action! Stunning central penthouse with a 300 sq ft roof terrace. Open view towards Montmartre and Montparnasse, as well as Paris roofs. Very sunny, airy and light-bathed, the penthouse is arranged around the huge terrace that was individually designed by Unopiu, with 6 large French windows giving every room direct access to the terrace.  The flat is located a stroll away from the Louvre and the river Seine, the historic Opera Garnier, the place Vendome, rue Saint-Honoré (the most exclusive high-end shopping street), rue de la Paix (the epicentre of exclusive Jewellers) the Royal Tuileries Gardens and the hidden gem of the first and most secluded  landscaped shopping-arcade-encased garden of the Palais-Royal, a creation of the Cardinal Richelieu. It is also adjacent to the grid formed by Paris' 4 most exclusive, desirable and enchanting Palaces. The mythical Ritz, the Meurice, new home to France's most acclaimed chef 	Please note we are located moments from the heat of the fashion week action! Stunning central penthouse with a 300 sq ft roof terrace. Open view towards Montmartre and Montparnasse, as well as Paris roofs. Very sunny, airy and light-bathed, the penthouse is arranged around the huge terrace that was individually designed by Unopiu, with 6 large French windows giving every room direct access to the terrace.  The flat is located a stroll away from the Louvre and the river Seine, the historic Opera Garnier, the place Vendome, rue Saint-Honoré (the most exclusive high-end shopping street), rue de la Paix (the epicentre of exclusive Jewellers) the Royal Tuileries Gardens and the hidden gem of the first and most secluded  landscaped shopping-arcade-encased garden of the Palais-Royal, a creation of the Cardinal Richelieu. It is also adjacent to the grid formed by Paris' 4 most exclusive, desirable and enchanting Palaces. The mythical Ritz, the Meurice, new home to France's most acclaimed chef 
14959	5 couchages Lit bébé	Charmant appartement au centre de Paris 1er. Idéalement situé au centre de paris à quelques minutes à pied des principaux monuments (Louvre, Beaubourg, marais, ...) ce charmant appartement donne sur le square des innocents dans une zone piétonne animée. 4 couchages + 1 lit d'appoint 5 couchages Lit bébé Station centrale de métro de châtelet à 50m 1 station de métro gare de lyon Directe par RER depuis Roissy et Orly Châtelet est le quartier le plus central de paris. Tout est accessible à pied par voies piétonne. J'aime l'ambiance animée des rues sans voitures et la multitudes de bar et restaurant sympathiques à proximité
14960	Perfect for 2 people with quiet bedroom (double bed) on courtyard and large living room, this cosy and comfortably furnished apartment is fully equipped. Access to building with code for security.  Bed linen and towels provided. Living room 22 m2 sofa, table, TV with international channels, DVD player, Internet Wifi Kitchen  dish washer, electric plates, oven, micro waves, Nespresso coffee machine, fridge, dishes and 2 high stools. Bedroom  double bed, dressing and cupboards on a calm, comfortable sleeping area. Private Bathroom  bath, washbasin, toilets, hairdryer. 	"Located directly on ""la place du marché Saint Honoré"", in one of Paris' most glamorous neighborhoods and centrally located, this nice apartment with modern décor is situated on the 2nd floor by stairs . Perfect for 2 people with quiet bedroom (double bed) on courtyard and large living room, this cosy and comfortably furnished apartment is fully equipped. Access to building with code for security.  Bed linen and towels provided. Living room 22 m2 sofa, table, TV with international channels, DVD player, Internet Wifi Kitchen  dish washer, electric plates, oven, micro waves, Nespresso coffee machine, fridge, dishes and 2 high stools. Bedroom  double bed, dressing and cupboards on a calm, comfortable sleeping area. Private Bathroom  bath, washbasin, toilets, hairdryer. Airports: 30-45 minutes taxi ride from Roissy Charles de Gaulle or Orly (depending on traffic) Métro: 15 minutes from Gare de Lyon, Gare Montparnasse, Gare du Nord … English and french Typically Parisian, la place du Marché "
14961	Little three floor apartment of twenty meter square, charming place, well located in town center. Please note the flat is low ceiling.	"Mini shiny and atypical three floor quiet nest in heart of town. Ideally located between Tuileries, Louvre,  Place Vendôme and Opéra.  Great to make it all on foot.  Little three floor apartment of twenty meter square, charming place, well located in town center. Please note the flat is low ceiling. First district of Paris is a great place to live and visit Paris, it gathers all the must see of the town like Louvre Museum, Tuileries Garden, shopping street as Rue Saint Honoré and the famous Colette or the luxurious Place Vendôme. All the ""French touch"" in one place at  Galeries Lafayette on Haussmann avenue.  You'll enjoy finest restaurants of town at Place du Marché St Honoré and the asian suburb on Rue St Anne.  Apartment location will make it all by feet.  2 minutes walking and all the main Tube lines easy to reach.   Tuileries (Ligne 1 ) Pyramides (Lignes 7 et 14) Opéra (Lignes 3, 7 et 8) Concorde (Ligne 1, 8 et 12)  Bus lines : (phone number hidden).   Airport access through Roiss"
14962	Apartment very cozy and functional, in a very quiet neighborhood while being in the center of Paris. The bed is high and down (electrically) in order to optimize space and enjoy the space. The lounge is very comfortable, you can easily meet it to 6 people, no noisy neighbors. The goal is that you will feel at home! You will live in a XVIII century building in the middle of Royal Paris!	Cosy flat located 1 min walk to the Louvre, the Palais Royal, 5 min of Concorde, Arc de Triomph and Tuileries. Quiet, comfortable, top floor with elevator. Ideal for shopping, tourism, heart of the fashion week and the trendy Paris. Metro at 30m Apartment very cozy and functional, in a very quiet neighborhood while being in the center of Paris. The bed is high and down (electrically) in order to optimize space and enjoy the space. The lounge is very comfortable, you can easily meet it to 6 people, no noisy neighbors. The goal is that you will feel at home! You will live in a XVIII century building in the middle of Royal Paris! Guests have access to all the facilities of the apartment. Computer, wifi, TV, international channels, external hard drive full of movie and TV shows (in english) record ... Everything is available from the moment you are careful! Regarding the kitchen, I let the basic necessities and a full freezer when needed. Rule: product consumed  must be replaced! You will 
14963	Lovely appartement in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés near Le Café de Flore and Les Deux Magots. One living room with bed area (comfortable bed), separated kitchen (with washing/drying machine, cooktop, oven, microwave, toaster, kettle, fridge). Dining table for 4 persons. Bathroom with bathtub. 	Lovely appartement in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés near Le Café de Flore and Les Deux Magots. Lovely appartement in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés near Le Café de Flore and Les Deux Magots. One living room with bed area (comfortable bed), separated kitchen (with washing/drying machine, cooktop, oven, microwave, toaster, kettle, fridge). Dining table for 4 persons. Bathroom with bathtub. Linen, towels and soap provided. you can ask me for any tips Saint Germain des Prés is a real village in the center of Paris. Alive, full of life, literary and artistic district. Subway: Saint Germain des Prés (line 4) Mabillon (line 10) Odéon (line 4) Vélib stations and cabs stations near the appartement. Calm and quiet building 
14964	With Air Conditioning. Located in the center, between “Opera and Palais Royal”. Very Safe area even at night. In the Heart of Paris, Street Sainte-Anne, near all the tourist spot and all major shopping mall and brands.  Close to the Museum of Louvre, Museum of Grevin, Lover's lock Bridge, Place Vendome, Place du Marché Saint Honore, Opera Garnier, Madeleine, Montorgueil, The Tuileries Gardens... 5 minutes by walk to the Museum of Louvre, Printemps’s Department Store at Carrousel du Louvre is also open on Sundays. 8 minutes by walk to Galeries Lafayette, Printemps... and 12 minutes to the Champs-Elysees. Close by many restaurants bars, shops, supermarkets, laundry, pharmacy, velib, bus... METRO : Within 3 minutes by walk to Opera, Pyramides and Quatre Septembre. _________________________________________ EQUIPMENT & SERVICES Since february 2014, completely renovated and decorated in neutral tones. The apartment is located on the GROUND FLOOR with a small terrace and quiet. On the mezzani	With Air Conditioning. Located in the Center between Opera & Palais Royal. In the Heart of Paris, close to the Museum of Louvre, Place Vendome, Place du Marché Saint Honore, Opéra, Madeleine, Montorgueil... Only 8 mn walk to Galeries Lafayette... With Air Conditioning. Located in the center, between “Opera and Palais Royal”. Very Safe area even at night. In the Heart of Paris, Street Sainte-Anne, near all the tourist spot and all major shopping mall and brands.  Close to the Museum of Louvre, Museum of Grevin, Lover's lock Bridge, Place Vendome, Place du Marché Saint Honore, Opera Garnier, Madeleine, Montorgueil, The Tuileries Gardens... 5 minutes by walk to the Museum of Louvre, Printemps’s Department Store at Carrousel du Louvre is also open on Sundays. 8 minutes by walk to Galeries Lafayette, Printemps... and 12 minutes to the Champs-Elysees. Close by many restaurants bars, shops, supermarkets, laundry, pharmacy, velib, bus... METRO : Within 3 minutes by walk to Opera, Pyramides and
14965	"1 Bedroom/ 1 bathroom, A/C, Italian shower, apartment with high range equipment to afford best comfort. This property is located in the famous rue Saint Honoré, in a historical building constructed at the beginning of the 17th century. Located in the center of Paris, the apartment is surrounded by the Louvre Museum, the Seine River, the Saint Eustache Church, the Pompidou center and the Cité and Saint Louis islands, it has easy to access to all touristic attractions just walking. The metro stations ""Louvre"", ""Pont Neuf"" and ""Chatelet"" are less than 200 meters away from the apartment. Thought by an architect and finished in july 2014, the apartment is fully equipped and provides the same comfort as a luxurious hotel room. The living room opens on to an outside area, originally part of the building's courtyard and covers approximately one third of the living room.  This area has real jasmine flowers on the left and a few others exposed as a decoration; there is also a black table and 2 c"	"1 Bedroom/ 1 bathroom, A/C, Italian shower, apartment with high range equipment to afford best comfort. This property is located in the famous rue Saint Honoré, in a historical building constructed at the beginning of the 17th century. Located in the center of Paris, the apartment is surrounded by the Louvre Museum, the Seine River, the Saint Eustache Church, the Pompidou center and the Cité and Saint Louis islands, it has easy to access to all touristic attractions just walking. The metro stations ""Louvre"", ""Pont Neuf"" and ""Chatelet"" are less than 200 meters away from the apartment. Thought by an architect and finished in july 2014, the apartment is fully equipped and provides the same comfort as a luxurious hotel room. The living room opens on to an outside area, originally part of the building's courtyard and covers approximately one third of the living room.  This area has real jasmine flowers on the left and a few others exposed as a decoration; there is also a black table and 2 c"
14966	Je loue un très beau petit duplex, rue Quincampoix, au 6 ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur, très lumineux et très calme, avec une jolie vue sur l'église Saint -Merry et les toits de Paris. Composé d'une chambre avec un lit double, d'un coin bureau et d'un salon avec TV avec ses multiples chaines, d'une cuisine équipée (plaques vitrocéramiques,réfrigérateur, machine à laver le linge, micro-ondes, bouilloire, grille-pain, cafetière italienne, ...), d' un coin repas, salle de bain avec douche, lavabo et WC.  Accès WIFI. Très central, situé à quelques dizaines de mètres de Beaubourg.  Notre Dame, le Louvre sont tout à fait accessibles à pied ( moins de 1km). Station de métro et  RER Chatelet à 200 m. En plein secteur piétonnier,  vous avez accès aux restaurants et bars, deux supermarchés sont ouverts tard le soir.  L'immeuble est sécurisé avec code et un interphone.  En mon absence,une amie anglophone sera ravie de vous accueillir lors de votre arrivée.	Je loue un très beau petit duplex, rue Quincampoix, au 6 ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur, très lumineux et très calme, avec une jolie vue sur l'église Saint -Merry et les toits de Paris. Composé d'une chambre avec un lit double, d'un coin bureau et d'un salon avec TV avec ses multiples chaines, d'une cuisine équipée (plaques vitrocéramiques,réfrigérateur, machine à laver le linge, micro-ondes, bouilloire, grille-pain, cafetière italienne, ...), d' un coin repas, salle de bain avec douche, lavabo et WC.  Accès WIFI. Très central, situé à quelques dizaines de mètres de Beaubourg.  Notre Dame, le Louvre sont tout à fait accessibles à pied ( moins de 1km). Station de métro et  RER Chatelet à 200 m. En plein secteur piétonnier,  vous avez accès aux restaurants et bars, deux supermarchés sont ouverts tard le soir.  L'immeuble est sécurisé avec code et un interphone.  En mon absence,une amie anglophone sera ravie de vous accueillir lors de votre arrivée.
14967		Small (15m²) but well organised and recent studio in the 1st district, near Jardin des Tuileries and Place de la Concorde.  Double bed,  Internet (wifi and cable), washing machine, coffe machine, bathtube Subway : lines (phone number hidden) - stations Tuileries, Concorde, Opéra, Pyramides, Palais Royal, Madeleine
14968	Bedroom 1 bed 140 cm, livingroom 1 sofa 140 cm. Fully kitchen. Bathroom Shower.	Very nice apartment overlooking the Place Dauphine, inhabited Simone Signoret and Yves Montand, the historic heart of Paris, near the Louvre, St Germain des Près, Notre Dame. Old building. Possibility 4 people. Fully equipped kitchen. (website hidden) fee will be refunded fully if the apartment is left in a correct state. Bedroom 1 bed 140 cm, livingroom 1 sofa 140 cm. Fully kitchen. Bathroom Shower. For any reservation request is necessary to have a complete profile checked.
14969	Please feel welcome in my cosy and charming 47m2 recently renovated apartment in one of the nicest part of Paris. It benefits of a great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It has 1 bedroom with a very comfortable queen size double bed, a small closet, a mirror,  and the sun waking you up in the morning through the window. But don't worry there are curtains ;) There is another convertible bed (and a confortable mattress if you want a forth guest to join.) Clean bedsheets and towels are of course included so is high speed WIFI. The kitchen is fully equipped ( refrigerator with icebox, dish washer, washing machine, coffee machine, oven, ceramic glass cooktop, juicer…) The wc/bathroom has a confortable bathtub and is equipped with a hair dryer and a hair straightener. The living room has just been renovated (so are the kitchen and the bathroom) Which makes it now my favourite place in the flat. And it is a really nice room to sleep as well.        	Please feel welcome in my cosy and charming 47m2 recently renovated apartment in one of the nicest part of Paris. In the heart of paris, the appartement is at a few steps from the most iconic attractions. Please feel welcome in my cosy and charming 47m2 recently renovated apartment in one of the nicest part of Paris. It benefits of a great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It has 1 bedroom with a very comfortable queen size double bed, a small closet, a mirror,  and the sun waking you up in the morning through the window. But don't worry there are curtains ;) There is another convertible bed (and a confortable mattress if you want a forth guest to join.) Clean bedsheets and towels are of course included so is high speed WIFI. The kitchen is fully equipped ( refrigerator with icebox, dish washer, washing machine, coffee machine, oven, ceramic glass cooktop, juicer…) The wc/bathroom has a confortable bathtub and is equipped with a hair dryer and
14970	Idéalement situé à Paris 1er. Sécurisé. Parfait état. Entrée, Chambre avec dressing et salle de bain, Salon salle à manger spacieux avec clic-clac, Cuisine séparée neuve, WC séparés. Idéal pour 2 à 4 personnes.   Parking au sous-sol possible (100 euros en sus) Appartement dans une des plus luxueuses rues de Paris. Superbe réception avec 3 fenêtres hautes. Cuisine idéalement placée pour les réceptions. Tout l'appartement Accueil et départ. Tout. Metro Bus Voiture  Parking disponible dans l'immeuble 100 euros /semaine en sus. 	Idéalement situé à Paris 1er. Sécurisé. Parfait état. Entrée, Chambre avec dressing et salle de bain, Salon salle à manger spacieux avec clic-clac, Cuisine séparée neuve, WC séparés. Idéal pour 2 à 4 personnes.   Parking au sous-sol possible (100 euros en sus) Appartement dans une des plus luxueuses rues de Paris. Superbe réception avec 3 fenêtres hautes. Cuisine idéalement placée pour les réceptions. Tout l'appartement Accueil et départ. Tout. Metro Bus Voiture  Parking disponible dans l'immeuble 100 euros /semaine en sus. The best area for shopping everything Welcome
14971		Idéalement situé Quai des Grands Augustins en face de l'Ile de la Cité, à deux pas de Notre Dame de Paris, à mi chemin entre le Marais et St Germain des Près...
14972	Wonderful apartment at Place Vendome. An elegant blend of the moderne and comfortable, this apartment is ideally located for sightseeing, being within walking distance to many of the main attractions of Paris.	Outstanding apartment at the Place Vendôme, located close to the Tuileries Garden and Opera Garnier. Wonderful apartment at Place Vendome. An elegant blend of the moderne and comfortable, this apartment is ideally located for sightseeing, being within walking distance to many of the main attractions of Paris. Guests will have full access to the apartment throughout their stay, wi-fi internet, phone with free calls to many countries (full list available upon request) and TV. I or someone I trust will check you in to this apartment, meeting you at the building at a time which is convenient for you. During check in you will have the opportunity to ask questions about the apartment/area etc. Following check in the guest(s) will be allowed to use the apartment at their own leisure, I am available via telephone, Airbnb message or e-mail in the case of any further inquiries or problems. This apartment is on the 6th floor, there is an elevator to the 5th floor and a final staircase to access t
14973	A touch of Parisian magic Your apartment is pretty special too: its décor will definitely appeal to music lovers, and you’re sure to be tempted to lounge on the creamy leather sofa watching the enormous flat screen TV. Or you could while away the evening perched on a bar stool by the window, sip-ping an aperitif and watching the beautiful people of Paris pass by. Situated on the third floor with a view of the street and facing the magnificent late Baroque church of Saint-Roch, you’re surrounded by some of the city’s most beautiful architecture, whilst inside your apartment you’ve got WiFi, a queen-sized bed with crisp white sheets fit for Louis XIV himself and the fluffiest of towels imaginable,. A fully equipped open-plan kitchen makes this the perfect pad if you fancy trying your hand at a bit of haute cuisine, maybe with a few choice ingredients from the local market or some-thing a bit more exotic from one of the many deli's lining the street. Or if you prefer to let someone else d	1 Minute from COLETTE, Opera, Madelaine, Louvre, Comedie Francaise Our 'DREAM' of Paris is the centre of chic, that is why you too can live the dream our apartment is ( we think)the best placed in Paris and I have no doubts to advertise and tell you Security deposit will  only be demanded should you not have already paid this thru the web site 
14974	studio de 21 m2 situé au 2è étage avec ascensseur, pour 2 personnes. Dispose d'une pièce avec canapé lit convertible, une cuisine ouverte et totalement équipé et une salle de bain avec toilette.	studio de 21 m2 pour 2 personnes, idéalement un couple situé en plein cœur de Paris et dans une rue prestigieuse . Vous êtes dans les beaux quartiers parisiens, quartier Montorgueil, là ou tout se passe. Profitez de la proximités avec les monuments les plus prisés de Paris:  Le musée du Louvre, le Palais Royal, la Basilique Notre Dame des Victoires, les théâtres de grande renommé, les cafés, les bars, les restaurants...Ce qui est sûre c'est que vous n'allez pas vous ennuyer! studio de 21 m2 situé au 2è étage avec ascensseur, pour 2 personnes. Dispose d'une pièce avec canapé lit convertible, une cuisine ouverte et totalement équipé et une salle de bain avec toilette. tout le logement Nous serons joignable 24h24 en cas de souci. situé tout prêt de la rue piétonne Montorgueil, en plein coeur du Paris historique, dans un quartier bien connu pour ses boutiques, restaurants et bars. Ce quartier animé est très fréquenté par les parisiens qui y recherchent l'authenticité des commerces de bouch
14975	30m2 in the center of Paris, first disctrict (75001). With a separated Living room, Bedroom (double bed), Kitchen and Bathroom. Wooden beam ceiling in the Living room. Charming and nicely furnished place to stay for a long week-end or more!	Lovely parisian aptment! Located in the very center of Paris, next to Beaubourg museum (3mn walk). Supermarkets & local facilities all around. In the Châtelet & Etienne Marcel district. Le Marais is just at 7mn walk. Enjoy your stay!             30m2 in the center of Paris, first disctrict (75001). With a separated Living room, Bedroom (double bed), Kitchen and Bathroom. Wooden beam ceiling in the Living room. Charming and nicely furnished place to stay for a long week-end or more! As a Guest you'll have access to half a closet in the bedroom. Full access to the kitchen and the household equipment (oven, washing machine, vacuum cleaner, iron). And obvisouly free wifi unlimited access! Châtelet is in the very center of Paris. It's a dictrict full of life and activity. There are many shops, supermarkets and cultural places (cinemas, museums, galleries, etc.). Rue de Rivoli, Beaubourg Museum / Centre Pompidou, Le Marais, Rue Montorgeuil etc. are just minutes away by walk! The flat is surr
14976	Breakfast within daffodil-colored walls. Coffee beside an arched window. Bare feet on wood floors. Reflections in hanging mirrors. Red wine by candlelight. Soft bedding beneath tired limbs. Long after you leave, memories of your stay will arrive in moods and flashes. The apartment Place Vendôme is an experience that will never leave you. Imbued in this home is the feel and sensuality of Paris itself. THE APARTMENT The flat offers a homecoming worthy of royalty. As you explore its spaces, prepare for dropped jaws and lost breaths at every turn. Here, palatial splendor meets contemporary chic in seamless integration.  Spacious and bright with world-class amenities, the apartment is as functional as it is comfortable. Cook breakfast in the fully equipped, country-style kitchen. Soak in a hot bath soothed by cool breeze and candlelight. Drift into sleep in the antique-filled bedroom. Accommodate visitors on the extra folding bed. Unwind with music in the sumptuous sitting area. Share suppe	The flat offers a homecoming worthy of royalty. As you explore its spaces, prepare for dropped jaws and lost breaths at every turn. Here, palatial splendor meets contemporary chic in seamless integration. Breakfast within daffodil-colored walls. Coffee beside an arched window. Bare feet on wood floors. Reflections in hanging mirrors. Red wine by candlelight. Soft bedding beneath tired limbs. Long after you leave, memories of your stay will arrive in moods and flashes. The apartment Place Vendôme is an experience that will never leave you. Imbued in this home is the feel and sensuality of Paris itself. THE APARTMENT The flat offers a homecoming worthy of royalty. As you explore its spaces, prepare for dropped jaws and lost breaths at every turn. Here, palatial splendor meets contemporary chic in seamless integration.  Spacious and bright with world-class amenities, the apartment is as functional as it is comfortable. Cook breakfast in the fully equipped, country-style kitchen. Soak in a
14977	One of indisputable advantages of this apartment is its magnificent location, just within:  - 2 min. walk  from the Louvre,  - 3-4 min. walk from Palais Royal,  - 5-6 min. walk from the Marais district,  - 6-8 min. walk rom the Notre Dame, the Sante Chapel and other historical monuments of the Cite island. Apartment accommodates  for up 3 people. On the 2nd floor. I  PROVIDE (included in the price): - One DOUBLE BED for 2 person - One singe sofa for 1 person - WI-FI Internet  - Equipped kitchen ( refrigerator, washing machine, microwave, oven, toaster, coffee machine,  all necessary accessories) - Hair dryer  - Ironing table and an iron  - TV - DVD player and a music player  - The electricity and utilities, are also included in the price. Also we provide fresh bed lines, 2 towels per person and apartment is thoroughly cleand before every guest's check in.	The apartment is quiet, nice decorated and well equipped. It sleeps up to 3 people.  The 1st district is the heart of Paris hosting the Louvre Palace and the Royal Palace. One of indisputable advantages of this apartment is its magnificent location, just within:  - 2 min. walk  from the Louvre,  - 3-4 min. walk from Palais Royal,  - 5-6 min. walk from the Marais district,  - 6-8 min. walk rom the Notre Dame, the Sante Chapel and other historical monuments of the Cite island. Apartment accommodates  for up 3 people. On the 2nd floor. I  PROVIDE (included in the price): - One DOUBLE BED for 2 person - One singe sofa for 1 person - WI-FI Internet  - Equipped kitchen ( refrigerator, washing machine, microwave, oven, toaster, coffee machine,  all necessary accessories) - Hair dryer  - Ironing table and an iron  - TV - DVD player and a music player  - The electricity and utilities, are also included in the price. Also we provide fresh bed lines, 2 towels per person and apartment is thoroughl
14978	29m² studio on the 4th floor (no elevator) , under the roof of a beautiful Parisian building with the charm of exposed wooden beams and a view on the Reformed Church of the Oratory of the Louvre . Composed of a main room with a bed 2 places , the apartment has all necessary amenities : TV, internet , fan. A fitted kitchen is available with microwave , hob , refrigerator, coffee maker and kettle . Finally, you have a bathroom with bathtub	Charming studio located under the roofs of Paris and near the Louvre Museum (only 5min) . In the center of the city of lights in one of the most luxurious neighborhoods of Paris! This studio offers you all the amenities needed for a dream holiday ! 29m² studio on the 4th floor (no elevator) , under the roof of a beautiful Parisian building with the charm of exposed wooden beams and a view on the Reformed Church of the Oratory of the Louvre . Composed of a main room with a bed 2 places , the apartment has all necessary amenities : TV, internet , fan. A fitted kitchen is available with microwave , hob , refrigerator, coffee maker and kettle . Finally, you have a bathroom with bathtub We will be very happy to provide guidance on how to reach the apartment upon your arrival, and to provide advice on places to visits, eat or party! The apartment is very well located, close to the Louvres near lovely coffees, restaurants, shops, museums and monuments. The apartment is located in the 1st arro
14979	Accueil 4 personnes Lit à l'étage  Canapé lit top confort dans le salon	Grand Studio renové par architecte, espace nuit en étage partie haute, cuisine équipée, WiFi,  lave-linge. Draps & serviettes fournis. Restaurant, commerces, cinémas à proximité immédiate. Quartier Palais Royal, Opéra Proche du Louvre, place Vendôme Accueil 4 personnes Lit à l'étage  Canapé lit top confort dans le salon Le studio est à leur entière disposition Vrai centre tout peut se faire à pied Saint Germain les Champs le Marais Seine Louvre Opéra Musées cinés Je peux vous envoyer un taxi ami qui vous attendra avec votre nom sur un papier à la sortie voyageurs Elle est OK pour prendre 4 Personnes
14980	Great location.  Just 1 minute walk from the famous George Pompidou, les Halles and The George restaurant with an amazing ( really) view of Paris.  There are restaurants for all budgets and taste. Walking distance from Notre dame, Hotel De Ville, and Ile st Louis. A small, charming, attractive and well situated studio in La Marais. Just minutes from Goerge POMPIDOU, this tasteful studio with a  separate kitchen, bathroom, and main room: an ideal starting point to see PARIS.  The studio was renovated in 2011 and all furnishing, including the bed is new.  The main room has a lovely view of the building`s garden that is shared by all (website hidden) spaces in Paris are rare and it`s a treat to (email hidden) to come home after a day of work or sightseeing. The main room, I have set it up like suite. It has a real bed (140X200), two comfy leather chairs, a brand new tv with cable; access to 4 English channels, a tasteful, period French round table for two, Internet, Wi Fi, and free intern	Great location!   Just a few minutes walk from the famous George Pompidou, Les Halles and the heart of Le Marais.  Easy access from both airports: you take the RER B to Les halles.  From les halles to the flat is a 10 minute away.  This flat is in the ground floor facing the garden.  It has been prepared to welcome a make your a stay as easy as possible. The kitchen is fully equipped and all the basics, such an iron, ironing table, hair drier, washing machine are there to for you to travel. Great location.  Just 1 minute walk from the famous George Pompidou, les Halles and The George restaurant with an amazing ( really) view of Paris.  There are restaurants for all budgets and taste. Walking distance from Notre dame, Hotel De Ville, and Ile st Louis. A small, charming, attractive and well situated studio in La Marais. Just minutes from Goerge POMPIDOU, this tasteful studio with a  separate kitchen, bathroom, and main room: an ideal starting point to see PARIS.  The studio was renovated
14981	The apartment is really well designed with exposed beams and wooden floorsand.	"This lovely apartment is very well designed and confortable. He is located in the very center of Paris near to ""Le Louvre"", the Opera.. Easily accessible by lines 1,3,7,14.. You would find lots of restaurants, closes shops in the neighborhood. The apartment is really well designed with exposed beams and wooden floorsand. Easily accessible by lots of bus and metro line N°1,3,7,14..."
14982		Fully furnished studio at Place Dauphine on the Ile de la Cité. One of the most  romantic and central location in Paris. Two large windows with a beatiful view on Place Dauphine. It can accomodate 3 people . Kitchen and bathroom. 
14983	Bienvenue à Paris / Welcome to Paris ! The apartment is located in the center of Paris (1st arrondissement). Near to le Marais, Montorgueil Street, Louvres Museum and the Centre Pompidou, just 5 to 10 minutes walk. You have access to 4 different metro stations, several bus lines and Velib stations (free Paris’ bikes).  Great shared apartment in a growing area of Paris.  Conveniently located near supermarkets (Monoprix, Franprix). Many typical and trendy French restaurants around the apartment. 5 minutes’ walk to good and trendy bars and nightclubs.  You rent a room in a beautiful and comfortable typical Parisian apartment. Spacious, luminous, with moulding, wooden floor, cheminées, mirrors and nice furniture. 120m² apartment on the fourth floor (with elevator) of a very charming building. 1 security code at the entrance of the building. The apartment consists of a large living room with sofas and TV. The living room looks onto two large windows offer plenty of bright sunlight. 32 inch 	Seen on TV! Big room in our cool apartment located in the center of Paris (1st arrondissement). Near to le Marais, Montorgueil Street, Louvre Museum and Pompidou. Typical Parisian apartment (cheminee, moudling),  2min walk from main Subway lines! Bienvenue à Paris / Welcome to Paris ! The apartment is located in the center of Paris (1st arrondissement). Near to le Marais, Montorgueil Street, Louvres Museum and the Centre Pompidou, just 5 to 10 minutes walk. You have access to 4 different metro stations, several bus lines and Velib stations (free Paris’ bikes).  Great shared apartment in a growing area of Paris.  Conveniently located near supermarkets (Monoprix, Franprix). Many typical and trendy French restaurants around the apartment. 5 minutes’ walk to good and trendy bars and nightclubs.  You rent a room in a beautiful and comfortable typical Parisian apartment. Spacious, luminous, with moulding, wooden floor, cheminées, mirrors and nice furniture. 120m² apartment on the fourth floo
14984	"In the very chic ""rue Saint-Honoré"", opposite the Louvre, our beautiful and cozy apartment is in a typical Parisian style. It is ready to welcome you for a pleasant stay in the heart of the capital. Ideally located, this apartment will give you access in1 minute at the Louvre and the Tuileries, in 5 minutes to Chatelet and in 15 minutes (by foot) to the Opera, the department stores, the Concorde, the Ile de la Cité.  In the heart of the capital, you can stroll through Paris. The apartment is also well served by public transportion (bus, metro and RER 1,4,7,11 and 14 A, B and D). The apartment has a large bedroom (with a small mezzanine) brand new bed and matress and a cozy lounge with a large corner. We will also be pleased to provide all the facilities of the apartment (with TV box, Wifi, washing machine, espresso coffee machine, raclette, board games ... and a good bottle of wine! )"	"A weekend getaway, a visit alone or with a friend, in the most beautiful city in the world, in a typical Parisian apartment, There you are Welcome in our sweet Nest! Opposite the Louvre and a 4-minute walk from the Seine ... Let the dream come true In the very chic ""rue Saint-Honoré"", opposite the Louvre, our beautiful and cozy apartment is in a typical Parisian style. It is ready to welcome you for a pleasant stay in the heart of the capital. Ideally located, this apartment will give you access in1 minute at the Louvre and the Tuileries, in 5 minutes to Chatelet and in 15 minutes (by foot) to the Opera, the department stores, the Concorde, the Ile de la Cité.  In the heart of the capital, you can stroll through Paris. The apartment is also well served by public transportion (bus, metro and RER 1,4,7,11 and 14 A, B and D). The apartment has a large bedroom (with a small mezzanine) brand new bed and matress and a cozy lounge with a large corner. We will also be pleased to provide all th"
14985	Sa situation est idéale , totalement centrale , quartier pièton et monuments historiques . L'appartement est au 2 eme étage sans ascenseur) .il a une très belle athmosphère à la fois design et (website hidden) très grandes fenêtres, deux balcons, l'immeuble date de 1900.	Center of Paris, in the pedetrianized area of Montorgeuil and châtelet . Geat restaurant, and nice café. Beautiful and design athmosphere .10 mn walking from LOUVRE ,NOTRE DAME,POMPIDOU ,THE SEINE and many monuments. Non stop subway from the airport. Sa situation est idéale , totalement centrale , quartier pièton et monuments historiques . L'appartement est au 2 eme étage sans ascenseur) .il a une très belle athmosphère à la fois design et (website hidden) très grandes fenêtres, deux balcons, l'immeuble date de 1900. C'est un 2Piece de 40 M2 refait à neuf situé au 2 eme étage ( sans ascenseur) dans un immeuble 1900 Haussmann. Un salon parquet et cheminée, une chambre a coucher, lit King size.Tout est neuf.Une cuisine toute équipée, machine nespresso ... Un salon avec un canapé qui peut devenir un lit 2 pl. Serviettes, draps  et linge de maison sont fournies. Nous habitons juste au dessus de l'appartement.Le contact est donc facile si besoin. Quartier Montorgeuil, piéton, aussi toute l'
14986		Charming appartment 23mq in the heart of Paris, 1st arrondissement. Really close to Louvre museum, Centre Pompidou, Notre Dame, Marais, you will be connected with metro (phone number hidden). Perfect for 2 persons. 
14987	Entièrement équipé , internet, télévisions par câble dans le séjour et la chambre 	Très beau 2 pièces situé au cœur de Paris, à 2 pas du musée du Louvre, de la Comédie française, dans une petite rue avec ses restaurants , cafés avec terrasse L'appartement est calme, très ensoleillé , proche commerces , idéal pour 2 personnes  Entièrement équipé , internet, télévisions par câble dans le séjour et la chambre  Le musée du Louvre et le Palais royal sont à 400 mètre  Le pont des arts juste en face permettant d'aller à pied de l'autre côté de la Seine à St. Germain des près  Je ne serai pas présente dans le logement pendant le séjour  Quartier très agréable , avec des commerces et le marché Montorgueuil à proximité , des restaurants et des cafés pour se détendre , la rue de Rivoli pour faire du shopping ,  Le jardin du Palais royal tout à côté est une merveille . Le musée du Louvre et le jardin des Tuilerie vous attendent .   Plusieurs stations de métro à proximité : les Halles, Louvre Rivoli ou palais royal Les bus : le 39 , le 85, le 95 et d'autres il y a à disposition u
14988	Very beautiful Haussmann apartment of 75 m ², in excellent state, situated in 3rd stages with elevator, right in the heart of Paris, marketplace Saint-Honoré, in the 1st district.  Fitted out cooking (kitchen) (wash dishes, cook, microwave) Lounge with sofa reads 2 places, coffee table, 3 armchairs Dining room ( 6 persons) with marble fireplace  Double room on court, very quiet, with bed of 160 Single room on court, very quiet, with 90 single bed + baby bed.  1 bath room and 1 shower room recently redone. Situated near the Tuileries, Louvre, Opera, Madeleine, etc....	Very beautiful Haussmann apartment of 75 m ², in excellent state, situated in 3rd stages with elevator, right in the heart of Paris, marketplace Saint-Honoré, in the 1st district.  Fitted out cooking (kitchen) (wash dishes, cook, microwave) Lounge with sofa reads 2 places, coffee table, 3 armchairs Dining room ( 6 persons) with marble fireplace  Double room on court, very quiet, with bed of 160 Single room on court, very quiet, with 90 single bed + baby bed.  1 bath room and 1 shower room recently redone. Situated near the Tuileries, Louvre, Opera, Madeleine, etc....
14989	Appartement de 61 m2, spacieux, calme et lumineux dans un ancien immeuble parisien de 4 étages. Nous disposons d'un matelas deux places et/ou d'un matelas une place de qualité pour que vous puissiez dormir dans le salon qui donne sur une rue peu passante.	Appartement 61 m2 avec chambre, salon,  salle à manger, cuisine, salle d'eau et WC séparé. Nous vous accueillons dans notre salon calme et lumineux. Localisation idéale : proche de nombreuses lignes de métro, Louvre, Halles, quartier Montorgueil Appartement de 61 m2, spacieux, calme et lumineux dans un ancien immeuble parisien de 4 étages. Nous disposons d'un matelas deux places et/ou d'un matelas une place de qualité pour que vous puissiez dormir dans le salon qui donne sur une rue peu passante. Immeuble sécurisé par digicode. Nous travaillons en journée mais restons disponible le soir et le week end pour vous indiquer de bonnes adresses de bar, restaurants, théâtres... Comédie française, jardin et galerie du Palais Royal, Louvre, Jardin des Tuileries, Opéra, les Halles, quartier piétons de Montorgueil, centre Gorges Pompidou, Ile de la Cité, quais de Seine... dans un rayon de 1 km.  Accès par les transports en commun :  - métro (phone number hidden) - RER A, B, D - Bus (phone number 
14990	1 minutes walking from Tuillerie, Louvre, Louboutin shoes.  10 minutes walking from Opera, Beaubourg, Montorgueuil and Notre dame de Paris.	This studio is very  well situated to visit Paris: next to the Louvre and Tuileries. It's a typical french flat located in a very safe place.  It has a good bed under a stage, a sofa ,a bathtub, a cokker and all you need to enjoy your stay. 1 minutes walking from Tuillerie, Louvre, Louboutin shoes.  10 minutes walking from Opera, Beaubourg, Montorgueuil and Notre dame de Paris. All Parts If you need some good places to visit or to have party just ask me, i love my neighborhood. 1 minutes walking from Tuillerie, Louvre, Louboutin shoes.  10 minutes walking from Opera, Beaubourg, Montorgueuil and Notre dame de Paris. 4 minutes walking from metro  Line 1 ( palais royal ans Louvre Rivoli). 10 minutes from chatelet les halles (All lines to go to the airport and station or Disneyland Paris) If you like shopping you can go to caroussel du Louvre :)
14991	Congratulations AIRBNB 159 on our apartments. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ IDEAL for tourism, shopping and business. SURROUNDS : stores (BHV, Galeries Lafayette etc) fashion stores, tourist sites, restaurants, cinemas, theaters, public gardens, (Jardin du Palais Royal and Tuileries), designers and jewellers (Place Vendôme, Palais Royal, Forum des Halles...), convenient stores for your personal needs at 100 m (general food, bakery), bars , restaurants. Undergrounds, buses and Taxis are 100 meters away. In a renovated and secured building (guardian + 2 locked doors). On the 2nd floor, without elevator, a totally refurbished charming Parisian apartment 46m² for two people + one child. Lounge with satellite TV, Separated room with double bed '160 X 200', kitchen with cooking plate, oven, microwave, fridge, dishwasher, dishes for your breakfasts and snacks,  bathroom with shower, washbasin, hair dryer,  se	"An exceptional location in the heart of PARIS """"LOUVRE Museum"""" SITUATION: - between Rue Saint Honoré and Rue de Rivoli, 150 meters away from the LOUVRE Museum Near main touristics areas (monuments, restaurants, shopping, theaters, clubs, bars, ...) Congratulations AIRBNB 159 on our apartments. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ IDEAL for tourism, shopping and business. SURROUNDS : stores (BHV, Galeries Lafayette etc) fashion stores, tourist sites, restaurants, cinemas, theaters, public gardens, (Jardin du Palais Royal and Tuileries), designers and jewellers (Place Vendôme, Palais Royal, Forum des Halles...), convenient stores for your personal needs at 100 m (general food, bakery), bars , restaurants. Undergrounds, buses and Taxis are 100 meters away. In a renovated and secured building (guardian + 2 locked doors). On the 2nd floor, without elevator, a totally refurbished charming Parisian apartment 46m² f"
14992	This is a great studio located in Paris' most central district, the 1st arrondissement. Walking distance (5-10 minutes) from museums, hip restaurants, clubs, monuments, supermarkets and movie theatres.	This mezzanine studio, in the Les Halles neighbourhood of Paris (the centre of the city), has a private terrace, wood beams, and a full kitchen. Walking distance from Notre Dame, le Louvre, Pompidou, le Marais—everything that's worth seeing! This is a great studio located in Paris' most central district, the 1st arrondissement. Walking distance (5-10 minutes) from museums, hip restaurants, clubs, monuments, supermarkets and movie theatres. You have access to everything.  Please contact our house manager, Mark ((phone number hidden)) a day before you arrive to set up your check-in. He is available via AIRBNB email, SMS, or phone for any questions, problems or just to point you in the direction of a great coffee place. Check-in/Checkout may be flexible if there are no guests before or after you. For check-in past eight pm, there will be an extra fee upon arrival. Past midnight is double. In my opinion it is the BEST place to be in Paris, whether for a short or long stay. Perfect for visi
14993	This apartment is a cocoon, with industrial furnitures and a relaxing lamps, a quiet place for visit Paris ( you have one of the most beautiful and biggest museum of the world , LE LOUVRE, and the TUILERIES garden just around the street corner! ), without forgetting the secret shops of PALAIS-ROYAL's gardens! Options: Television 80 cm (30 channels, with extra 5 cinema channels), internet, flat iron, hairdryer, radio shower, micro wave oven, two heating plates, Nespresso coffee maker, Ipod station. -Station Vélib' 20 meters  -RER ( CHATELET LES HALLES) 5 min,  Subway 3 min (PALAIS ROYAL-MUSEE DU LOUVRE ligne 7 et 1, LOUVRE RIVOLI ligne 1) - Supermarket 60 meters ( FRANPRIX ) - Laundry just down the street Neighbors Restaurants: CLAUS ( Breakfast, brunch )                                    LE FUMOIR ( my favorite! ) ( world food )                                    MIL'A ( Bar Tapas )                                    LES PETITS PLATS D'EMILE ( French)                                  	This apartment is a cocoon, with industrial furnitures and a relaxing lamps, a quiet place for visit Paris ( you have one of the most beautiful and biggest museum of the world , LE LOUVRE, and the TUILERIES garden just around the street corner! ), without forgetting the secret shops of PALAIS-ROYAL's gardens! Options: Television 80 cm (30 channels, with extra 5 cinema channels), internet, flat iron, hairdryer, radio shower, micro wave oven, two heating plates, Nespresso coffee maker, Ipod station. -Station Vélib' 20 meters  -RER ( CHATELET LES HALLES) 5 min,  Subway 3 min (PALAIS ROYAL-MUSEE DU LOUVRE ligne 7 et 1, LOUVRE RIVOLI ligne 1) - Supermarket 60 meters ( FRANPRIX ) - Laundry just down the street Neighbors Restaurants: CLAUS ( Breakfast, brunch )                                    LE FUMOIR ( my favorite! ) ( world food )                                    MIL'A ( Bar Tapas )                                    LES PETITS PLATS D'EMILE ( French)                                  
14994	2 STEPS AWAY FROM LOUVRE - NICE DESIGN - Beams & Stones - Near metro ***** Total price given by Airbnb for 1, 2, 3, 4 persons ***** ***** But if only 2 persons in 2 beds : +15 € can be paid to the check-in ***** ***** Night check-in after 9pm : +15 € can be paid to the check-in ***** ***** VERY CENTRAL An all renovated apartment located in the 'Rue Saint-Hyacinthe' street, on first floor (2nd floor for usa) with elevator of a 19th century building. Safe area in the heart of 1st arrondissement. Exceptionally central location, 200 meters from Louvre Museum, 5 minutes away from the banks of the Seine, Tuileries Garden, Palais-Royal, Saint-Germain-des-Prés when you cross the Seine River, Opera Garnier, Galeries Lafayettes. A smart area where you have a walk in the 'Rue Saint-Honoré', in the courtyard of the Louvre, or on the 'Place Vendôme' square. Little old streets, restaurants, well-known wine bars. Animated places and many boutiques : rue de Rivoli, Grands Boulevards, ... -----> WIFI i	30 m2 studio fully renovated , in the heart of the 1st arrondissement, elevator. Near Opera, Place Vendome, Tuileries Garden , bars , restaurants. Comfortable bed with Bultex mattress + WIFI included. Linen and towels provided (cleaned and ironed ) 2 STEPS AWAY FROM LOUVRE - NICE DESIGN - Beams & Stones - Near metro ***** Total price given by Airbnb for 1, 2, 3, 4 persons ***** ***** But if only 2 persons in 2 beds : +15 € can be paid to the check-in ***** ***** Night check-in after 9pm : +15 € can be paid to the check-in ***** ***** VERY CENTRAL An all renovated apartment located in the 'Rue Saint-Hyacinthe' street, on first floor (2nd floor for usa) with elevator of a 19th century building. Safe area in the heart of 1st arrondissement. Exceptionally central location, 200 meters from Louvre Museum, 5 minutes away from the banks of the Seine, Tuileries Garden, Palais-Royal, Saint-Germain-des-Prés when you cross the Seine River, Opera Garnier, Galeries Lafayettes. A smart area where you
14995	Its localization, the wonderful neighbors (paris ' s firefighter) its comfort make a unique(only) place.  Served by all the types of transport, Subway, bus, train , TAXI, AUTOLIB, VELIB, boats.  I am held at the whole arrangement of the travelers. I live in 15 minutes of the barge.  	Historical Dutch barge moored on the left bank in the heart of Paris, between PONT NEUF and  PONT DES ARTS. Located in St GERMAIN district, its panoramic view on the LOUVRE and the CITY island make it the unique and wonderfull place to be. Its localization, the wonderful neighbors (paris ' s firefighter) its comfort make a unique(only) place.  Served by all the types of transport, Subway, bus, train , TAXI, AUTOLIB, VELIB, boats.  I am held at the whole arrangement of the travelers. I live in 15 minutes of the barge.  
14996		This tastefully decorated and well located 16 square meters studio apartment is located  in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 1 st French floor of a 18th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people.  Métro Ligne 4 : Etienne Marcel - Les Halles Métro Ligne 3 : Sentier RER : A B C D - Châtelet-les-Halles Bus : 29 Complementary equipment : Fridge - Microwave - Toaster - Hair dryer - Keetle -  Bed linen provided, towels, bath mat and tea towel You will find mineral water, coffee, tea, herbal tea and sugar
14997		You are in the best location in Paris ; you can make every things by the walk, Visiting, Shopping, Eating, Drinking. Historic and Cultural, the district the Louvre - Palais Royal abounds of many monuments as the biggest and the most majestic museum 
14998	This apartment, almost 25 meters square is ideally situated between the Louvre museum, the Jardin des Tuileries (Tuileries garden), the Place Vendome (Vendome Square) and rue Saint-Honoré. It was entirely remodeled in July 2010 to offer you all the comfort you deserve: air conditioning, visible beams, raw oak hardwood floors, a raw jade bathroom, Starck furniture, thick soft carpeting, Farrow and Ball paintings, a private stairwell and landing UPDATE MARCH 2015 : Yes, the elevator is totally repaired, it is working perfectly. You pass the porch of this beautiful Parisian building and your apartment awaits you at the back of the courtyard. Take the windowed elevator to the sixth floor and you will find a small private door, you only have to walk up a few steps to arrive home.  The apartment, completely air-conditioned, opens onto a fully equipped kitchen (dish washer, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, grill, Nespresso coffee machine, water boiler, electric stove top). What a pleasure i	    This apartment, almost 25 meters square is ideally situated between the Louvre museum, the Jardin des Tuileries (Tuileries garden), the Place Vendome (Vendome Square) and rue Saint-Honoré.UPDATE MARCH 2015 : Yes, the elevator is totally repai    This apartment, almost 25 meters square is ideally situated between the Louvre museum, the Jardin des Tuileries (Tuileries garden), the Place Vendome (Vendome Square) and rue Saint-Honoré. It was entirely remodeled in July 2010 to offer you all the comfort you deserve: air conditioning, visible beams, raw oak hardwood floors, a raw jade bathroom, Starck furniture, thick soft carpeting, Farrow and Ball paintings, a private stairwell and landing UPDATE MARCH 2015 : Yes, the elevator is totally repaired, it is working perfectly. You pass the porch of this beautiful Parisian building and your apartment awaits you at the back of the courtyard. Take the windowed elevator to the sixth floor and you will find a small private door, you only have to
14999	Small and cosy barge of 22 m ( 72ft ) long, located in the historical heart of Paris , moored  in front of Le Louvre on the opposite bank of the Seine, right  down the « passerelle des Arts »  and its famous padlocks. I have designed this boat myself from the bare hull of an old supply boat that I found thirty years ago in  Amsterdam Harbour. I drew all the plans and built most parts of the barge's superstructures and interior fittings, always looking for a soft and smooth boat line as can be a trait of chinese calligraphy. The interior design reveal the delicate hull's curves, the fine decoration is based on pieces evoking some far journeys, as opposed to a standardizes one. In all weathers, the comfortable steering room will provide an amazing dream space  with a panoramic view on the river Seine. The living space (40 m2) includes the steering room and the whole hold which is composed of an open space with a bed corner with a double bed ( 1,90 m x 1,40 m), kitchen, living and dining 	Small and cosy barge of 22 m ( 72ft ) long, located in the historical heart of Paris , moored  in front of Le Louvre on the opposite bank of the Seine, right  down the « passerelle des Arts »  and its famous padlocks. I have designed this boat myself from the bare hull of an old supply boat that I found thirty years ago in  Amsterdam Harbour. I drew all the plans and built most parts of the barge's superstructures and interior fittings, always looking for a soft and smooth boat line as can be a trait of chinese calligraphy. The interior design reveal the delicate hull's curves, the fine decoration is based on pieces evoking some far journeys, as opposed to a standardizes one. In all weathers, the comfortable steering room will provide an amazing dream space  with a panoramic view on the river Seine. The living space (40 m2) includes the steering room and the whole hold which is composed of an open space with a bed corner with a double bed ( 1,90 m x 1,40 m), kitchen, living and dining 
